this big bug came like through the
screen door on our deck and he's
standing over me his little
triangle face opens up and these Jaws
open up and he starts tugging chunks of
Flesh off of me you know from my cheeks
my my shoulders and he's flinging it
what and and there's and there's blood
flashing he wanted me to know that they
could yeah rip me to shreds if they
wanted to but they couldn't get to my
soul I'm here with my new friend John
Blitz Colonel John blit Lieutenant
Colonel John blitch Lieutenant Colonel
John blitch you have maybe the most
interesting CV of anybody I've ever
interviewed there was this agreement
that you don't talk about Fight Club
right you don't talk about the ETS that
we have all seen that I think the the
really interesting phenomena that
happens after that is you have all these
really tough guys guys who get spooked
by really crazy you know entities that
they encounter a drop lands on my hand
as I'm on my handlebars and then I
realize it's red and it's blood there
was no reason for me to have this
gushing bloody
nose and and this is and and things
get uh weird I have this
fuzzy memory of of a fuel truck what I
thought was a fuel truck and so I kind
of walk my bike up around it and in the
cab of this fuel truck is this guy with
a red plaid shirt who is the guy in the
flannel the Red
Flannel yeah
um I was not prepared to talk about this
in previous
interviews I'm here with my new friend
John blitch uh it's an honor to have you
you have maybe the most interesting CV
of anybody I've ever interviewed you
were you were uh uh a Delta Force you
worked at DARPA for a long time you
managed some very interesting programs
there you're uh uh uh uh cognitive
psychology uh uh expert and and and and
doctorate is that right well I I you
know I I'll push back a little bit on
the word expert sure because one of my
favorite definitions of expert was from
Dr Ruth M my first first time through
graduate school at the Colorado School
of minds and she said uh because I my
first um thesis was I built an expert
system to recommend which robot to pick
to go into rubble and she said you know
the definition of
expert I don't I don't know this was you
know in front of the whole committee and
she goes well X is an unknown quantity
and a spurt is a drip Under Pressure so
everybody cracked up I was loving it
right and so um you know I I don't claim
to be an expert in anything uh all I
would say is that I've made a lot of
mistakes and that's a good path to
learning so you you you really came on
the public scene around this uh you know
recent UFO whistleblower Revelation
we've really crossed a Rubicon of sorts
in kind of UFO alien world where you
have this guy Jake Jake Barber uh who's
went through kind of the combat control
pipeline you know air for Special Forces
uh ended up being kind of sheep dipped
to use like an Intel military World term
where he was sort of erased as a person
like yeah he was director of helicopter
you know uh uh operations or whatever
for for you know a specific company
generic company but really he was
retrieving UFOs and um he has come out
with the story via me and uh Ross Kart
and talked about retrieving an
egg-shaped craft and then an eight gon
you know octagonal craft and you've come
out in support of of him and you've had
some incredibly interesting experiences
yourself that came out in this Ross
colart interview and so uh do you want
to talk about some of your own you know
personal paranormal experiences sure
sure um well first of all I want to
thank you for letting me take off my
academic jacket right I should have had
like leather pads sewn on the sleeves or
whatever and relax a little bit hence
the shirt right so um you know the
interview with Ross was pretty serious
right because um I was trying to help
these guys and and sort of support them
so they didn't get whacked right I mean
that was deadly serious stuff yeah so
now um in this environment with you I'm
I'm kind of excited to let they hair
down a little bit what a little hair I
have and uh and have some fun you know
so yeah so we can we can get to some of
those more um um open-minded speculation
wild speculation um sorts of things but
you know there's an underpinning of
science that's really important yes up
underneath this and so um I I I want to
push back a little bit the Air Force
doesn't use special forces that's that's
kind of an army term uh so Air Force is
they use they they have their ground
special operators in organizations
called special tactics squadrons M and
um so Jake is what I was able to verify
was his track record in a prec
CCT um training program yeah and so
that's as far as I was able to validate
bya his records uh but that's still very
impressive and what's what's important
about that is a lot of the military
whenever you at least the way the Army
did it um before we would go to scuba
school for example Key West the Army
figured you know if we're sending these
guys down to Vacation land down there
for three weeks we're going to make them
earn it so it's going to be tough and it
was as as one of the most difficult
schools I've ever been through because
most humans oh I would I hate I
shouldn't say hate but I I'm reluctant
to to put everything in one absolute
declaration all right but the vast
majority of humans
are deathly afraid of drowning that's
why water boarding works right and so
holding your breath under water and
forcing you to build up your CO2 it's
not lack of oxygen it's an excess of
poison the CO2 that builds up in your
lungs that can that can put anybody into
a frantic State pretty much and that
organization did that the the underwater
um operations group down there so what
we used to do is we would have PR scuba
class and that would kind of wash folks
out so that before before you spend all
the money to send somebody all the way
down to Key West in vacation land and
absorb all those resources you want to
make sure they're going to pass so
typically the pre scuba pre- Ranger
pre-ct is usually more difficult and so
the fact that Jake made it through that
um is a big feather in his cap and you
you believe him that he was then
diverted uh to this sort of you know
anonymized program where he was working
for specific contractors to retrieve
non-human craft yes I I believe him uh
again I I always make this distinction
about what I know versus what I believe
and you believe and oh yeah absolutely
and and it's not just based on
him when we first met I I made all four
of us the his full team of four mhm and
I was looking for
inconsistencies between those folks it's
kind of part of tradecraft that we're
trained in you know to try to figure out
if you're walking into an ambush it was
me against these four guys and they all
could have any one of them could have
kicked my butt never mind four of them
don't believe the Chuck Norris movies I
love Chuck Norris but don't believe
those movies because one person against
two uhhuh is you're having a really
tough time you got to be superum to even
beat those o uh for my for my black belt
test I had to fight five other black
belts at the same time and I got my nose
broken by my sensei's uh daughter 18
years old uh and it's it's a very
humbling experience so trying to see all
four of those folks collaborate I was
looking for the slightest little glance
between eyes between each other and
never saw the slightest hint of a red
flag so collectively they all validate
validated each other and that if if they
fooled me you know certainly my ego is
part of this right I don't want to
believe that I can be fooled just like
the vast majority of people don't want
to believe that they can be fooled by
flying saucers everybody can be fooled
yeah but you know for me it's it's a
strength of belief right so we were
talking about probabilities earlier and
probabilistically I'm going to assign
my belief in Jake and his team
collectively at three sigma right so one
sigma's what 66. 666 per two is 96 97%
so that's an a yeah I'm talking A+ right
99% sure that what he told me on my boat
and all of our interactions
thereafter I'm I'm up there too on
especially the primacia story and then
thing where I'm feel like even he would
have maybe 1% plus doubt I don't I don't
know where he's at but like was this egg
shaped craft non-human it's to me it's
you know if it's just like the UAP PF
you know is assessing it and then he
he's going off his own knowledge which
is clearly Advanced when it comes to
Aviation you know and then it just looks
very anomalous it's still like what is
that thing I I don't know you know like
what do you think like right well I you
know I think the two most important
things that I took away from that
interview now when I did my interview
with Ross yeah I had not seen Jake's or
Fred's yeah or Don Paul's interview so
we were all and I understand why R
probably wanted to do that yeah uh just
like you said you want to kind of do
things independently to make sure that
there's no coordination coordination
cross talk right and so I I get that um
but I was I was deeply emotionally moved
by his tears yeah I felt like I was
possessed by the
most beautiful spirit i' hadd ever been
possessed by and when he was talking
about that feeling of love coming from
whatever the whatever the craft it was I
don't think it was coming from the egg
he was telling that was the was the the
8on octagon shape crap um so that was
extremely power powerful and extremely
important yes that you know this
Independence Day
Alien
Invasion you know rhetoric and narrative
we really need to squash that down and
then the second most important thing or
actually I think that was the second
most important thing because the the
viability and so forth and I picked up
on that when we were out of my boat you
know we originally I was trying to
convince them to come forward help
convince them but the most important
thing was his
reputation of ontological shock m and he
said and and I I asked him immediately
after I saw him called and said hey can
I use that quote in my book if I ever
get this damn book published
um I don't believe in ontological shock
I believe in ontological relief and I
couldn't agree with him more that I
think you know current Society is look
we are sick and tired we have lost all
faith and confidence in our government
not just our government but the world's
governments across the board so we're
we're way ready for this right and so I
that that was my most important takeaway
from what he said and and and you know
the other aspect of that that's kind of
interestes and hypothetically you know
since we're happy speculation here right
you know maybe that craft
itself could have been a living being
right you know you hear that yeah from
time the so the the woowoo literature
you know in my two libraries my
peer-reviewed academic literature on one
side of my basement and then my woooo
literature on the other
side those are really starting to
overlap now yeah you know and and so
there's plenty plenty
of data um in the woooo literature that
supports that these craft may be living
entities well let's get into that
because you've had experiences since you
were a kid and I want to get into those
core experiences as well but just the
idea that these might be living beings I
I find it so interesting people are so
indexed on like was it non-human or was
it human and then what if you see what
if you get what you want and you see
that High Fidelity you know 8K video of
a thing and a hanger or like you step
inside the thing what does that get you
what you have no idea what you're
looking at at that point and so to the
extent you've been studying this stuff
for decades because you call yourself
part of the invisible College uh you
know what um what what are we looking at
what's the greater ontology or worldview
or like metaphysics that comes with
aliens which have to just be like the
tip of the iceberg fellow Alchemists
it's a new year and that means it's time
to get organized and take control of our
financial Wellness for me rocket money
has been an Absol absolute Game Changer
it helped me uncover all sorts of
subscriptions I totally forgot about
like a few I had no idea I was paying
for months after I stopped using the
services with rocket money I canceled
these in just a few clicks saving money
instantly rocket money is a personal
finance app that helps find and cancel
your unwanted subscriptions monitors
your spending and helps lower your bills
so you can grow your savings seeing all
your subscriptions in one place is such
a relief you know exactly where your
money is going for the ones you don't
want anymore rocket money can help you
cancel them no awkward phone calls no
hassle just savings rocket money also
gives you a clear view of your expenses
across all your accounts you can create
personalized budgets track your monthly
spending Trends and even set goals to
save automatically for big purchases
paying off debt or just building your
savings it makes staying on top of your
finances easy and stressfree Rocket
money has over 5 million users and has
saved a total of 500 million in canceled
subscriptions saving members up to $740
a year when using all the apps premium
features cancel your unwanted
subscriptions and reach your financial
goals faster with rocket money go to
Rocket money.com Jessie today that's
rocket.com Jessie yeah that's and it is
a big Iceberg right because all we see
is the very tip right so it's it's a a
small portion but on logically speaking
mhm uh based on not just the
peer-reviewed stuff and the woo woo but
the intersections between those uh my
belief is that we
are
a um an upand cominging species in a
galactic
Society uh teaming with life and it's
it's it's simply a numbers game right so
web telescope when I was growing up and
you look at all those little dots and
I'm fascinated and the little dots are
you think there are stars you told
they're Stars so those oh those must be
solar
systems uh and then uh as we go from
Hubble to web and we
realize whoa wait a minute those aren't
solar systems those are galaxies so a
galaxy with billions of solar systems in
them and then the dust that you see in
the background
those are galaxies right and so it's
just mindblowing yeah the magnitude of
that right and so the
likelihood that and and then when you
take the age of all this are what four
billion years here right and and you um
extrapolate from that it's it is a
ridiculous notion that we are alone I so
I agree with that and you have the Drake
equation the fery parad all these things
mathematically pointing to you know it
being aam's Razer that we're not alone
you know the the the the the most likely
answer is that we're not alone and
simultaneous to that how do we know that
our cosmological models are right at all
because we're probably our physical
models of the universe are always wrong
at any given time they've just always
been wrong historically so they're
probably wrong now and I think about
like a rocket that's two degrees off
course and then it ends it up it ends up
99 degre you know it's like air
propagation ends up like way off course
because it's two degrees off course and
then that multiplies down the line
Absolut it's not linear so like what
what if that's true with our models of
physics where our understanding of you
know the microscopic might be way off
like we we can bar we can't figure out
quantum gravity for example there are
like issues with our understanding of
the physical Universe on like a really
small scale so given those issues
wouldn't you end up with a scaling
problem in physics itself where our
cosmological models end up like this
crazy kind of glued together Patchwork
quilt MH and we're probably so off on
like even you know a lot of that stuff
and yes you can see some of it obviously
with James web and Hubble and that sort
of thing but I mean who knows like you
have this idea of an observer dependent
Universe like the wheeler thing or you
know delayed Choice stuff and if any of
that if that or like these you know the
anthropic principle you know the idea
that like you know maybe physics and the
universe itself is comported to our uh
perceptual filters you know then like
what what do we know at all about
anything like it's just like extremely
you know complicated like maybe I don't
know what do you think well so uh let me
back up to the firmy Paradox which I
claim is absolute BS I love the guy
respect yeah the science yeah but it is
based on a very flawed assumption which
is okay if there's really is this Cosmic
Galactic Society where are they right
why aren't they landing on the White
House lawn well the underlying
assumption with all of that is that they
want to reveal themselves from a special
forces parachute Behind Enemy Lines and
study a society and then pick them
choose them and then train them to rise
up against their own tyrannical
government we don't want to be found and
so my overlay of my bias is sometimes
they want to be found sometimes they
don't just like we did sometimes we want
to be seen blowing up a bridge to show
that that country cannot defend its own
people right or maybe we St behind and
we get some of their own folks to do it
so it's part of this influence yeah yeah
well there's also you know you have like
the three body problem this great
Chinese sci-fi Trilogy and in that you
have the Dark Forest analogy and this
idea that it's actually adaptive often
for aliens to hide themselves or to
infiltrate and to do you know sort of
deceptive scheming and not to just like
land on the White House lawn right and
especially if you're dealing deal with
this like sort of you know unevolved
like if if humans are like not where we
need to be and you present yourself and
you're seen as this kind of foreign
Invader or whatever like that's not
going to go well right so you'd rather
just like incept them with ideas kind of
subtly manipulate them or whatever but
go about your business and it's actually
adaptive from a
toally invalidate all of your
experimental results trash your own
experiment by revealing yourself right
and so we have this notion of informed
consent we were talking about this last
night about the the um maybe there's a
galactic IRB institutional review board
that that that's really fascinating so
it's almost like yeah you can't bias the
experiment so you can't show yourself
that's F that's so interesting do you
think that we are humans an experiment
some sort of genetic experiment um my
belief is that
absolutely absolutely from from what
occurred with me yeah and again a lot of
the um
experiencer uh literature yeah is
strongly suggestive of that and a lot of
us I don't want to speak for all
experiences all abductees abductees are
a subgroup of experiences there are
plenty of people that have interactions
yeah right that are positive and and
Kumbaya and good for you yeah there are
others of us that have been terrified
right and feel like Lab Rats however in
retrospect you know I was young and and
combative yeah uh and angry yeah I have
a whole chapter about the Angry Young
Man where I talk about you know breaking
hockey sticks and baseball bats in my
backyard because I was so
upset because I was I I was F VI
paralyzed and violated and raped right
and all those aspects of it yeah and so
I can't deny that maybe that was a
motivation to become a fighter yeah and
end up in the line of work that I ended
up in in hostage rescue right it is this
extremely common Trope in abduction
experiences where they say you know uh
gametes are collected often in
unceremonious ways so you know sperm and
eggs and there it's often sexual in
nature and genetic material or tissue is
sometimes collected and so that that's
just super common in fact even going
back to Betty and Barney Hill one of the
kind of proverbial famous cases in the
US I think 1961 in New Hampshire uh
Barney Hill afterwards very reluctantly
admitted that uh sperm was basically
extracted from him and you know it's
it's this uh it's this probably hard
thing to to to process you look at the
the the free Edgar Mitchell studies on
abduction so you know some of these
larger databases like a very high
percentage involved this sort of you
know tissue sampling game collection so
it almost points to us being yeah some
sort of experiment genetic experiment
yeah absolutely so so personally I don't
have any recollection of anything sexual
with any of my uh experiences but that
doesn't limit me from being
compassionate towards other people
have yeah um so when you say raped you
just mean your space was totally
violated and yeah a violation of well
any manipulation of your body without
your consent right arguably that's of
that of that nature uh so so uh there
are a lot of folks that feel that way uh
but for me in in my experience the most
the terrifying one it was I I consider
it a gift because it woke me up to the
no
that you know this body is just a soul
housing mechanism right it's a
biological um craft or vessel right with
which you learn right and if you make
some really stupid mistakes like I did
and almost lost my my leg um then it's
it's a mechanism to learn through right
and so this is so it it was very much a
gift but as a youngster MH a combative
Commando where I was all about you know
violence for just AI believe for good
reasons right I'm gon to we're going to
break in and rescue these folks right
and if we have to take another human
life then so be it that's a necessary
evil for the for the as Spock would say
the needs of the many outweigh the needs
of the few right so the the few bad
folks if we got to whack them to to get
the good folks out that's that's the way
my mind works so I believe that they had
to penetrate my resistance on the same
level so they had to use violence to
come after me to wake me up to to that
whole uh notion so overall the
experience is an enormously positive one
but when you're young you don't realize
that yeah right it's kind of like as a
parent you got to watch your kid fail
you know like they're going to they're
going to touch that hot stove you've
told them a hundred times all right let
her do it see what happens okay sweetie
I told you right and that's just part of
the part of the process sometimes so so
that's the way I felt about it so John
you had your own alien
experience um yeah yeah I think and and
I can put that into to the knowledge
side versus the belief side so I talk
about you know how I don't remember
being born so all I can do is believe
that I was born in Idaho Falls um in
1959 because I don't have a memory of
that right but I do
remember walking all those punishment
hours at West Point right so I know that
I got in a lot of trouble at at whoops
uh which is my favorite dink Dame for
that place because it's something I said
almost every day you know my play year
right oops screwed up again right and
so so uh the
two memories that I cannot dismiss as
dreams or sleep paralysis and we can get
into that the signs behind not are uh a
missing time mountain bike ride and and
a uh a terror filled
night after which I woke up with bruises
and so the mountain bike ride
essentially was at least 5 hours of
missing time if not more and so I'd gone
for a ride on my mountain bike and I on
the way back it was a it was
a it wasn't a very physically demanding
ride uh it was in
uh 1995 it was right after the Oklahoma
City bombing and I was in this mode of
you know riding up into nature and
meditating to try to kind of come to
grips with some of the traumatic stuff I
saw there you know um uh young lady had
to get her uh leg amputated just to get
her out of the rubble a lot of other
stuff um I tell a story about when I
first came into the mror building
through the back which was still intact
was a parking garage back there and I
Came Upon This wheelbarrow and right as
I was you know I already signed in I was
I was allowed to volunteer since I had
tssci clearances and because it was a
crime scene you know they were really
keeping all the volunteers away unless
you had a secret clearance because it
was crime scene right and so they
trusted that so anyway so I was all
excited and and ready to start helping
out and uh so I walked up to this
wheelbarrow and I heard this this voice
from behind me from the entrance you
know scream
stop and so I froze in my tracks right
as I was about to grab it and uh because
I thought the wheel barrel must be being
used to get rid of the debris and
somebody had just filled it up and
hadn't gotten over there and then um I
realized that uh you know there was a
there was a stench and it took a little
bit to get through my mask and it was it
was a a smell of Rotting Flesh it was
horrible and then I happened to glance
up and there was
this beautiful
purple uh chiffon material that I it
took me a few seconds to realize that
that was a human body and that was she
had been blown up
into the uh rebar steel reinforced
concrete and the reason the wheel bow
was there was to collect her entrails so
there were there was a lot of human
tissue and a pool of blood and so that's
why the voice didn't want me to move
that so uh that stuck with me um over
the years or over the yeah so when I got
back so I was dealing with stuff like
that and uh so I took this mountain bike
Rod pretty standard for me on a on a
weekend right go get a workout meditate
up on top of this beautiful um Park
called Daniel's park still there uh very
built up now since then over geez 30
years now where's Daniels Park that's
Daniel Park is South uh let me see
Southwest uh South Southwest of Denver
okay so it's a it it was a uh sort of a
little yepy um neighborhood that we had
uh we had bought a housing so uh and it
was very remote at that time n that now
it's it's its own City
uh but at that time it was just this Old
Ranch so uh happened to
be uh collocated with a ancient Indian
burial ground and so I have a bit of uh
Native American blood in me my
great-grandfather uh took a sue wife
when he was uh traveling west as part of
I don't know if there was the Gold Rush
or what so uh very always very
respectful of Native American cultures
not to mention I saw Jeremiah Johnson
and what happened to the the folks when
they violated that Indian barrr didn't
go well right maybe we could talk about
that in this notion of you know Advanced
uh cultures meeting less Advanced
cultures and usually doesn't go good for
the the less Advanced ones right y
anyway so uh I had ridden by it several
times and just noted it not a big deal
but this time for some reason and I I
stole to the this day I don't understand
why I turned around and suddenly felt an
obession that I had to go in so I I
grabbed my mountain bike and I climbed
up over this fence got on the other side
and I I climbed into the saddle and I
was going to ride down I was like nope
that's not respectful you don't ride a
bike in a cemetery matter of fact you'll
get fed you'll get thrown out of any
National Cemetery try to ride a bike in
Harlington good luck on that you will do
some time in a slaming literally for up
because it's just so disrespectful all
veterans whatever so uh I started
walking and then I felt a drip on my
nose and um again scientifically with
aam's Razer trying to slice through
anything even
now but I wasn't I wasn't sweating
why I it wasn't hot I was coming
downhill it was if anything was a little
bit you know cooled so why am I sweating
and it and it uh a drop lands on my hand
as I'm on my handlebars and then I
realize it's red and it's blood I'm like
oh crap I got a bloody notes but it
wasn't just like a drip every few
seconds it suddenly became a gusher I'm
like what the hell is this I didn't fall
off my bike we've been living here for a
year and so it wasn't like I'm suddenly
dry I'm thinking of all these mechanisms
right and so there there are a lot of
experiencers and abductees who do this
to ourselves we try to
scientifically dismiss it Rand Nickerson
one of John Max's patients um and I
talked about this at length that we we
don't want to believe it so we try to to
categorize ourselves some other way so
I'm trying to convince myself I hadn't
fallen off my bike there was no reason
for me to have this gushing bloody nose
but I laid down and I was out
immediately like it didn't take a more
than a second to me be
unconscious uh and I woke up freezing I
woke up
shivering which is common you know the
the Front Range of Colorado was pretty
desert-like and so after the
sunset it you know it wasn't it might
have been I don't know 60° or whatever
but without moving you know um and it
and I I
felt like I had bonked somehow you know
that I had reached a level of exhaustion
which didn't make sense for a half hour
45 minute bike ride right didn't make
any sense at all so I end up
uh in this continuing in this anomalous
Behavior so as a behavioral scientist I
know what is normal for most folks and I
certainly know what's normal for me and
it's it didn't make any sense that I
would haul that bike up to this
Mesa where this bright light was shining
a bunch of bright lights and in my mind
I felt since I was attending the
Colorado School of Minds that it must
have been a drilling ri right and and it
it didn't occur to me why they must have
gotten some permit to drill in this
Indian burial ground I can't imagine how
they did that but let's go check it out
excuse me so I was a moth to the Flint
and I dragged that mountain bite threw
all the scrub Oak scratch of me I get up
on top
there and and this is and and things
get uh weird it's already kind of weird
but now it's really weird because I had
this
fuzzy memory of a fuel truck what I
thought was a fuel truck and so I kind
of
daintily kind of walk my bike up around
it and I look up into the cab of the
fuel truck at about I don't know 20
degree angle maybe or whatever and in
the cab of this fuel truck is this guy
with a red plaid
shirt
[Music]
and I I that point I become very anxious
and
Afraid and I turn around and I walk my
bike back around the back of that fuel
truck and I sense that there's a
clearing over in front of theu fuel
truck with a bunch of other lights or
whatever so I'm imagining you know some
sort of drilling operation you know
maybe there's two or three vehicles over
there with a big you know drill or
whatever
but I don't have any I don't have any
crisp memory of that which is just
weird um and so I'm going back through
the scrub rush I know that there's kind
of a
clearing and there appears to be a road
over
there but rather than walking my bike
over to the road I keep walking it
through the scrub brush and makes no
sense but I'm growing I'm I'm
very of afraid of those lights in that
area over there so I skirt around as
soon as I get to an open enough segment
of the road that I can I jump on that
bike and I am pedaling to save my life
and I am just terrified screaming as
fast as I can go I go down this hill and
I see a a uh a light on at a at a ranch
house and I'm thinking to myself
okay I've left whatever that was by
behind me now I start thinking uh I need
to call Cindy my wife and let her know
cuz I mean it's it's not like a half
hour after Sunset it is several hours
after
Sunset and so I'm just going to stop in
on this ranch house and ask them to use
the phone you know this is 1995 there's
no cell phones right so I'm I go down
this you know it's kind of a long dirt
um
driveway and I stopped on half way down
because I realized there's no lights on
I'm thinking you know at worst I might
interrupt him in the middle of dinner no
lights on so then I realized oh wow it
must be really
late and so I stop I turn
around and I go I go back out to the
main dirt road and I and I pretty much
Coast most of the way back to this hard
ball this highway called uh Highway 885
right it's a four lane
Highway and uh very little traffic which
is another surprise I mean if it's if
it's just after dark why isn't there any
traffic I mean there might have been one
car every five minutes or so and so
finally I'm starting to feel safe
because I'm on this
pavement and and there's people around
and I'm like okay all right so and then
it that's when I I hit the wall it was
it was a full out bunk kind of like
Heartbreak Hill in the Boston Marathon
and you're like I I just ran into a wall
so I could barely stay on my bike so I'm
cranking you know one two three I set up
a rhythm and I climb the shallow Hill
and I take a turn and I see this
7-Eleven so I sto at
7-Eleven and I'm exhausted and super
dehydrated so I I go in I get off my
bike I see a a police car police cruiser
in front and as I'm walking past the
police cruiser windows are down it's
still fairly warm
um and I I thought I heard my name as I
walked by but I didn't stop you know
tradecraft kicks in and I just I I I'm
slow for a little bit and I just open
the door and go in and I get these three
32 ounce Gatorade orange Gatorade jugs
and I I downed one of them before I even
got to the cash register and threw a 20
on the on the uh counter and walked out
how old are you at this play uh let me
see so this was 95 so I was born in 59
so what's that 30 36 yeah is yeah
mhm uh
so this and I and I'm in pretty good
shape and are you in Special Forces at
this time or uh no I had just given I've
just finished uh seven years in Special
Forces Five Command tours over spread
over seven years the first of that was
as a prison 2 missile guy and then the
final four were in we're in Special Ops
okay uh so I felt like I was in pretty
good shape so get your Gatorade get my
Gatorade uh well the the other one I
just put in the the trash as I was
walking out cop gets out of the car
comes up says are you Mr bled and uh
said uh yes sir I am and I'm I was about
to ask him why I'm in am I in trouble
whatever he goes okay well I just want
to let you know your wife called in a
missing person's report and so if it's
okay with you you I'm going to radio in
that that we have found you and uh you
know would you like a ride home now the
ego says hell no you never accept a ride
from anybody I'm G to carry my own ruck
sack all the way home blah blah blah but
what I really said was hell yeah I'd
love a rideo CU I was flipping exhausted
so he threw it back and and I go home
and that
was that conscious memory I don't even
remember
going in the house and climbing into
bed I don't remember anything but I do
remember a
dream that I thought was a dream around
that same
time but it it
wasn't it was an anomalous dream you
know I've come to
realize uh those the differences between
memories right and these fuzzy memories
and so then I had this memor this dream
that I thought had occurred like weeks
later or at least several days
later where this this big bug came like
through the screen door on our on our
deck this is a a deck that's three
stories up above the the backyard and
there's no no stairs so it's only you
can only get to it through the screen
door off of the master bedroom and just
walks right up through that and he's
standing over me and he's he's conveying
to me telepathically what does the bug
look like uh big grasshopper big pre
mantis thing big eyes and kind of a
triangle head wow um and so but I wasn't
I wasn't afraid it it was similar to
like closing en counters of the Third
Kind
mantis
uh I don't I don't remember any mantis
and I thought there was a maybe this is
a Mandela effect or something but anyway
he keep going maybe all all I remember
is the little gray guy maybe a tall
skinny gray guy I thought there wasall
mantis in the back yeah I don't remember
any mantis in that but um but he uh was
chastising me and he was he was sort of
lecturing me in sort of a
a
condescending um instructional way
commanding me to stop wiggling
around uh and he and he's telling me
look you're this body that you've got
it's it's nothing but a soul
container and we can't do
anything to hurt that or steal it or
damage it we can do a lot of damage to
your body if we want to we don't want to
we're trying to help you so quit
squirming
around and we're we're gonna do some
tuneups here we're going to work on it a
little bit what do you think the tups
were how were they trying to help I I I
don't know he just and I never got that
level of detail all I got was don't be
afraid there's nothing to be afraid of
we're trying to help you
and as an example of how bad it can get
he opens his his little
triangle face opens up and these Jaws
open up and he starts tugging chunks of
Flesh off of me you know from my cheeks
my my shoulders and he's flinging it and
there's blood spatter and everything and
it's and it should have been absolutely
terrifying were you bleeding and I I
felt the tug on my face but she's
ripping skin off your face yeah I felt
the tug what and and there's and there's
blood
splashing and uh and the whole time he's
like see this is what we could do to you
easily but we're not doing that
afterwards were you bloody due to that
no NE never any indication of of
anything this is like mental imagery
that I'm receiving okay um so this
doesn't feel like a physical no it did
feel like it it it it felt like he
wanted me to feel he wanted to simulate
that you could okay right he wanted he
wanted he wanted me to know that they
could yeah rip me to shreds if they
wanted to but they couldn't get to my
soul and even if even if I died in that
process I'm G to come back there's
there's a soul that's gonna come back
and who knows I might come back as one
of them and and come at them so that was
all that in in a very intense moment
that lesson that just quit squirming
around and let us get this freaking done
okay and then boom I was out that was
it so that was um what made
that uh so powerful
scientifically
is sleep
paralysis doesn't last for 5 hours yeah
and sleep paralysis doesn't result in my
wife getting in our her soccer mom van
and taking my two daughters and
traveling up and down that Ridge line
for hours looking for me wow right and
so we can get into more sleep paralysis
in a little bit so there was you know
did you have any After Effects
physically did you have any any any
marks any any implants what is up
Alchemist if if you're interested in
joining group calls with me and
accessing exclusive never-before seen
episodes of American Alchemy like my
walk and talk with Danny shean on who
exactly killed JFK or a remote viewing
debate between Hal put off and Eric
Weinstein then please join our [__]
Community today we've been sitting on a
ton of unreleased footage that we will
now be releasing on our new [__] I also
hosted a discussion between the infamous
Jack sarfati and former American
Alchemist Science Bob McGuire head over
to wap.com Jesse Michels Michaels with
no a to become a member today that's
wap.com j s m i c h e LS thank you so
much and enjoy the rest of today's
episode not that I know it but here's a
really interesting aspect to this
phenomenon is that pretty much
across the the vast majority of cases
that I've read
about um there is a there is a common
fact
that I like to coin or I like to capture
in the
term irrational ambivalence and what
happens to a lot of experiencers is they
have these
anomalous events that occur and that are
independently
corroborated by a nextdoor neighbor your
family your loved ones your
teammates and they're like don't you
remember this or that don't you remember
that you walked back into the Foxhole
don't you remember that we were looking
for you don't you remember the
cop
and there's it there's often a like yeah
but so what and so it's it's an
irrational response to something that
should
be at the Forefront of all of your
behavior you should be looking into that
I should have been
checking for my cheeks or whatever
nothing I did tell my wife about that
dream and she was like yeah okay and it
was this ambivalence this this La Fair
attitude towards it all so it's almost
as if in a hypnotic suggestion you're
told in many cases we are told don't
worry about this don't you won't need to
remember this and I think it's an act of
compassion so that we can lead
relatively normal lives after we are let
out of the cage right the Lab Rats get
released into the backyard right and go
live your life that's what yeah Mario
Woods stationed at uh Ellsworth Air
Force Base in South Dakota he had an
experience where he was abducted he's a
mutual friend he's I know you guys are
friends as well and he said that the the
beings came up to them they kept saying
do not fear do not fear that was like
this recurring kind of trip the words do
not fear
travel through my body like a
vibration like a uh like a hiss but I
kept hearing over and over do not fear
do not
fear uh do not fear that's wow do you
have a sense because he says he was he
became interested in things after that
experience that he wasn't prior and he
realizes he's like I know this sounds
kind of weird but he's like I got very
interested in pyramids is there
something like that for you where you
became newly interested in certain
topics uh did you have a mission that
you didn't prior
um I I didn't become interested in
pyramids uh not right
away uh but I did yeah change my
behavior that in a way that was reported
to me by my wife and my daughters which
was I
suddenly
wouldn't squash a bug or use a f water
ah I would I would go to the kitchen
grab a glass tell my daughters don't
squish them I would escort these bugs
out of the house specifically all
animals or
bugs uh uh pretty much all animals um
because I was going to say if it was the
bug thing then it might have been the
Mantis specifically that you felt in
affinity for right but it was like dogs
too you felt like more loving towards or
or was it bugs that's a that's a good
question and I don't my my my first wife
passed away in 2014 I'm sorry
um wonderful an Angelic soul and I
sometimes I I wonder if my current wife
is her reincarnated wow uh or if there
was some because they're so similar
wonderful absolutely wonderful people um
and so I I I should have asked my
daughters that if my attitude towards
our Labrador Retriever um changed at all
I don't I don't I don't have a conscious
memory of anything changing but I do
remember the bug Behavior the insect
Behavior which is really interesting and
up to that point I mean I thought like
the vast majority of of humanity or our
society in the mid
90s all aliens with the little gray gut
yeah all aliens look just like Steven
Spielberg represented in Close
Encounters y right Y and and so I was
totally
unprepared for anything looking like a
bug and so that reinforced my
perspective at the time that it was just
a dream yeah so um so that was
one what I call an irrefutable case that
I cannot scientifically
dismiss as a dream because a dream
doesn't result in your wife searching
for you for hours and calling the cops
no who is the guy in the flannel the Red
Flannel yeah
um I was not prepared to talk about this
in previous interviews but since we're
we're in speculation World here yeah and
I can let my uh guard down a little
bit uh and I thank you for that I thank
you for this environment to be able to
do that
um so
I I do want to talk about a little bit
of the science behind this if it's okay
right
so uh after I told that story uh on a
previous interview and I I've I've been
coached and cautioned many times look
don't look at the social media don't
look at any of the responses to this
don't go go back and look at it and so
for for the longest time I didn't but I
I did you
know um
take a peek and and probably the most
vicious trolls that were coming after me
was like this claim this guy claims to
be a psychologist and he doesn't even
know what sleep paralysis is so for all
you trolls out there um I love you and
I'm G to push back in a loving manner as
if we were on opposite football teams
okay
um yes I know a lot about sleep
paralysis as part of my
training sleep paralysis lasts a few
seconds maybe a few minutes it does not
last for five hours no you something
would be very wrong if it lasted for
five hours it it does not in fact it
feels longer than it is I think the felt
sense of it is like that
it's half hour and hour but it's really
splits it seconds often yes there's
there's a lot of time Distortion in
human memory and and that's that's also
um
correlated with risk and um so if you if
you do one of these Adventure rides like
a roller coaster or you get dropped uh
it seems like time slows down but that
makes sense
evolutionarily right because you want to
know all the details when you're
fighting that tooth tiger you need to
know every single detail because if next
time you're going to you're going to
have a chance at fing them off uh maybe
you maybe you should slow it down and
recognize all that so it makes lot L
sense Evolution early so so sleep
paralysis does not explain five hours of
absence it doesn't explain Travis Walton
coming back five days later M with a
full
beard it doesn't explain
bruises right it doesn't explain Terry
lel's cell phone Health Data that shows
he climbed six stories in less than a
minute in a house that has one story
there's no stairs in this house so so I
thank you for your opinion but paralysis
is BS it does not apply to the vast
majority of abduction phenomena so John
he was the guy in the red flannel so now
that we talked about the science and
aam's razor slicing through sleep
paralysis I did have a hypnotic
regression session so from science of
how much of what you just recalled was
from that hypnotic regression okay so
you remember all that's all in living
memory conscious memory okay cool right
yeah and so I want to uh
invoke uh real scientists John Mack Don
dere um David Spiel senior and Junior
who who came up with this the Spiegel
eye roll test to determine how
hypnotizable folks are that's a rough
measure and then you go into more
detailed measures um
and Andrew humman I mean you can talk to
a lot of folks about the science behind
hypnosis well you gave me a really
interesting fact last night you said
there are
two guys on death row right now in Texas
in the state of Texas and they were
convicted due to hypnotic regression
retrieving details under hypnosis and
that is considered super valid by the
state it's it's across many counties the
vast majority of our legal system is at
the county level um and we're compiling
a study right now to determine what
percentage of counties across the entire
us allow hypnotic regression evidence to
be admissible in court uh and so I I
don't want to to to mislead you into
thinking that that was the only bit of
evidence that convicted those folks and
put them on death row but it was some of
the evidence that's in there and so the
way Andrew uh human describes hypnosis
is it's a it's a it's a period of
relaxed Focus which those sound
counterintuitive right uh but it is
definitely in
verifiable by EEG and a variety of
neuroc crisp
objective empirical neurophysiological
measures you know when you're in that
that role
and so so what it does is it allows the
the hippocampus to stitch back together
I was I was giving the analogy yesterday
about the the ram you know Random Access
Memory being stored out on the hard
drive and so that's what the hippocampus
does those two little horns in the in
the um down near the brain stem basil
ganglia area of your brain up underneath
and then the cortex up here so I used to
use my fist as my model for for my
cadetes and I would have them stroke the
back of their parietal area and the
motor control and do punches and all the
rest of this but the the hippocampal
regions deep inside right and so that's
where a lot of your memory starts to
consolidate and it get it migrates from
that random axis area out to the
cortical structures and so what you can
do with hypnosis is when you when you
save that word document or you save that
XL
Spreadsheet um in a and and just this is
the best model I've got there's probably
some holes in it but it's it's the best
we got youris so when you save that word
document it doesn't get saved in
contiguous sectors on that hard drive
they're spread all over the place
because you just got to spread it to
where it's open right if you deleted a
file blah blah blah so they're spread
all over the place and so if the
hippocampus
gets damaged or interfered with and it
is a very vulnerable suborgan of the
brain to um pharmacological chemical
interdiction right and so if that
hippocampus region gets tampered with
you can start to disrupt its recall so
it's got to go out to this file
allocation table the fat and xat a file
allocation table when you're formatting
your our drive that's what that means so
when it's going to this file allocation
table kind of like the table of contents
says I want to go to chapter 3 section
one there's nothing there ah crap well
let me see I I'll go to chapter 2
section five oh we got that so put
little bits and pieces back together and
so what what hypnosis is really good for
is if you have a memory
already and it's problematic and you and
you you're not sure that some of the
details are fuzzy it can sharpen those
details the rape victim can through
hypnosis and relaxing you and
suppressing all of the anxiety and the
fear and the anger and and all of those
deep
emotional
interference um that'll obus the the
collection of this and interfere with
stitching those memories back together
and if if all you want to do is focus on
that license
plate boom and you can and so so that
license plate number isn't going to
convict that person all by itself but it
can end up being the critical piece of
information that places that person at
that crime scene doing that sort of
activity and so that's that context so
all of that to come back to the red
plaid
shirt
um it was a
uniform it was a red
uniform being MN by a
bug also
mantis another mantis or the same
one I'm I'm not sure I now
believe well probably a different one if
the I now believe that that was the same
one ah and that this dream the separate
dream did not happen a few days later it
was all in that same but in the second
enounter with the Mantis did it
presumably removed its uniform or was it
also in a red uniform no I I I think he
had that uniform on but it was only it
was and this is weird it sounds weird I
know but uh I'm you know with all the
risk that all these other guys have
taken you know
um I I feel a need to climb out on the
limb myself and share this info I mean
it's an important aspect of it so the
the uniform was primarily on the back
side um kind of covering the grasshopper
Wings you know the front it needed its
hands to do whatever it's going to do to
my body and it and its jaws or whatever
and so there there was a there was like
a a collar to it and there was red on
the
back and that's that's you know we
we talk a lot about screen memories
right and and how these can be imposed
and this is this is the downside
to uh hypnosis is if somebody is very
hypnotizable yes you can you can cause
them to
confabulate and and make connections be
between things that might not
necessarily be there but the fact of the
matter is that all hypnosis Leo uh Leo
sprinkle told me this I'm like first
regression session he wasn't the one
that that did this with this mantis
thing all hypnosis is self- hypnosis you
cannot hypnotize somebody that doesn't
want to be hypnotized and that's well
established in all the scientific
literature uh what you can do is get
somebody to relax enough to focus enough
uh in in recall and so uh so so I now
believe that
that that event
was all the same event and
so um the This Tall be standing over me
might have happened right there at that
fuel truck uh and I don't have any
further details about the fuel truck or
about the lights or anything else but
that red shirt was this collored uniform
on this thing wow incred it's so
fascinating I mean there's so many
questions I think I hope the audience
mulls this over and thinks about it and
I will as well because it's such an
interesting it was that the only alien
abduction experience you've had or uh
the other one was uh much later 20 years
later uh is 2013 MH and it was when I
woke up with the three bruises on the
underside of my um bicep and the one
bruise on my tricep and what I didn't
tell Ross about that is I I intimated I
I I um sort of indicated that there were
some other sort of
mysterious uh circumstances with with
that
effort and and so I'll I'll share that
with you that details and this was uh
this was no hypnosis involved this is
conscious memory that I have right now
I've never gone back on a regression to
remember any of
that uh but I do remember standing out
in my on my deck in my house so I had
this really cool house looking down
onto uh Fort Collins anyway my next door
neighbor was a um his name was Andy
great guy uh two sons fabulous family
and I had about a half acre lot between
my house and his house and he wanted to
buy it from me cuz he he didn't want
somebody he didn't want me to chop it up
and sell it to somebody else put a house
between us and ruin his view of the
gorgeous Rocky Mountains and totally get
that I didn't want somebody to do that
either um so he was going to turn it
into a a mountain bike um course for his
sons or whatever and I remember standing
on my
deck and looking up and there was a it
looked like a miniature hurricane it was
a very dark
cloud with uh a swirl around it
and a dark hole in the middle kind of a
kind of a like the eye of the
storm and I remember him yelling over to
me are are you because we're both
looking up and he looks over me and he
goes are you seeing what I'm seeing I go
yeah that right so I point up he goes
yeah and it looks like it looks like the
eye of it is right over the spot between
our two
houses and then uh so I looked off in
the distance towards uh Loveland which
is a um another city south of Fort
Collins and it Blue Sky down there so
that was only maybe I don't know I
should go back and look at a map maybe
five or 10 miles something like that and
then I look back to the north and
there's Blue Sky over there about the
same distance around so look like maybe
I don't know a diameter of a 20 Mish
storm straight over our houses and again
here we go again right irrational
ambivalence h
we both go back inside right instead of
me going over to chat with him like we
did all the time about mountain bike and
about he's he's a uh he was a former
Army guy was in the the
um uh the honor company there that used
to do all the funerals for at Arlington
National cemeter great dude and and so
it would have made all the sense in the
world for us to just sit
there have a maybe have another beer and
talk about it right at least until it
started raining nothing we both went
back inside instead of doing the the
neighborly chat type of thing that we've
done hundreds of
times and um I
remember later on fairly soon
thereafter going into this sort of OCD
behavior that is very common in the
literature so if if you read any of of
Kathy Martin's books uh yvon Smith uh
all of John Max stuff right A lot of
these these folks that have have spent
their lives researching the abduction
phenomen you find this very very
common um that I I had to close all the
drapes and not just have them closed I
had to sometimes I would tape it I would
tape the drapes how whack is that right
I couldn't afford to have the slightest
little sliver of a gap because I didn't
want those big black you know almond
communion eyes from Whitley streber book
staring at me through that window and I
would check them and recheck them and I
would lock all the doors
Etc um I didn't find out until much
later when my dad passed away that uh he
would he would go check all his guns he
would he would make sure his big old 44
magnum was loaded right all this type of
stuff it's a it's an inherent thing and
then and so um I remember I resolved
myself I knew they were coming it's this
feeling you get chill down your spot and
I'm like you know what I know I'm I'm
helpless and this is part of the terror
right I'm helpless I know there's
nothing I G do so screw it I'm just
going to go to bed you guys just get it
over with and let's and and let me get
back to my life right next morning I
wake up I'm in my skibbies I go straight
downstairs uh I had shut down my my
rescue robotics team my second nonprofit
laid everybody off because of my my
female that's another long crazy story
but um I I went and got this this video
camera that I hadn't used in five years
and fish it out put a battery in it and
I come upstairs and I immediately start
videotaping my arm the inside of my arm
because of those three
bruises I why would I even know they
were there
that's a weird thing and why is it only
on one arm not the other arm and why did
I immediately
go tape it right and it's almost as if I
knew that I had had this post hypnotic
suggestion and I wanted to to take the
picture
before
um before I forgot right it's like I'm
trying to outsmart them get ahead of
them right it's the weirdest thing what
what did they what was the core
experience like what did they do to you
in this case I don't remember oh so you
don't remember that I I don't remember
any of the core experience okay um I I
do have some other very um terrifying
experiences as a kid you know waking up
with the little gray guys in my room
just like Gary Nolan said now he has
assured me he has no abduction memories
at all and and I do not want to speak
for for him I just want thank him for um
being for but he does say that he
remembers graay in his room and I think
he was riding his bike he like a paper
route situation or something he saw a
saucer fly overhead and yep so you you
had experiences like that as a kid as
well yes do do you think that because
you grew up right next to a nuclear
reactor in Idaho well I was born next to
a nuclear reactor but I grew up in PE
pey that's the way you say it yeah uh
only Matt and Ben Affleck can do pull
off a good Boston accent like that or
maybe Bill Burr right uh pey right and
then it's right next to to to Salem uh
so uh that's where I grew up and I I did
my my dad and my mom were both
professors uh my mom taught sociology at
nor Eastern my dad was an aerospace
physicist and a nuke uh and he was
teaching MIT what did he what was he
doing oh he was an aerospace physicist
that's so interesting he worked at Labs
uh and then he was I think I I didn't
know anything about Academia at the time
but I think he was an Adjunct professor
he had three master's degrees and so
that was enough credentials to teach at
MIT I don't think I don't think anybody
can teach at MIT now without a PhD did
he have any interest in UFOs oh yeah
what years were he teaching at was he
teaching at MIT uh pretty much my whole
childhood so so 60s 7s until I went off
to West Point in 77 so do you do you
attribute any of these experiences to
the fact that your father was an
aerospace physicist with an interest in
UFOs you were born next to which nuclear
power plant and uh it wasn't a power
plant it was the first uh nuclear test
reactor that the Army had spun up uh and
was all classified at the time and that
was in uh the early 60s late 50s and
Idaho Ido Falls idah Idaho Falls yeah so
okay so you have the father who's
interested in UFOs with serious
bonafides you have you know born next to
a nuclear reactor and then you also have
uh some Native American Heritage do you
think any of those things played a part
in your experiences and and to to
bolster the Skeptics out there uh Betty
and Barney Hill and so I read about that
at the same time MH and so yes I used
all of that to totally dismiss all of my
childhood experiences from a scientific
skeptical
standpoint I dismissed all of my
childhood even though your father took
this stuff seriously yeah really I I
just blew it off really until
2018 and why 2018 did you start to take
it Ser because of Leslie Kane and The
New York Times article saying that we
had official programs or 2018 for me was
a very very it was a sort of a threshold
year because Leslie's article with Lou
came out in December of
2017 and this was I started teaching my
next semester of
2018 and I was expecting the entire Air
Force Academy to all of a sudden
radically change its curriculum and
start talking about the the billions and
billions and trillions of galaxies and
start warming up the the cadet populace
to this notion I mean if anybody is
going to wake up to the to the notion of
potential visitation by
extraterrestrials it should be the
United States Air Force Academy right to
my I shouldn't say horror but to my
surprise and and deep
disappointment why is that a greater
source of conviction for like an article
in the New York Times versus your own
experiences which so so and then did you
would you argue with your D because if
your dad was so kind of pro UFOs this
Aerospace physicist would you say Hey
Dad I don't believe in any of this stuff
even though you had had your own
experiences uh I was on the skeptical
side until the mountain bike incident
that was 1995 oh okay and after that
point we kind of flipped okay and I was
like I started rereading I read the the
uh Corsos uh day after Roswell uhuh and
I really started digging in that was a
little after that was 97 97 right um but
you know I had a focus on grad school
right you have to maintain a laser focus
to get through that right so um but but
that sort of woke me up to start
relooking into this stuff right I mean I
used to read UFO books during all my
boring time in the military right
everybody else was you know reading boy
in penth house I'm reading UFO books so
you were interested in it I was
interested in but I didn't internalize
it to me uhhuh until after 95 okay until
after that exp and it was like those
experiences existed in some Lial state
or were you actively repressing them as
if they hadn't happened and then they
sort of resurfaced in 95 or I I don't
know okay what I do know is I bought a
lot of UFO books interesting so you on
some level you you bought it I didn't I
didn't internalize it I didn't I didn't
relate it to myself uhhuh um and I
didn't
even consciously discuss yeah that
mountain bike incident did your dad have
any
experiences uh because it's funny you
know I just interviewed Jacob Barber and
he said you know probably as a result of
his work with crash retrievals and UFOs
he has this sort of wing
sphere thing show up at his house we
have stuff show up over our house we
have um a UAP we call the angel that
shows up and it looks like it has or
Wings it's blue and it comes in
materializes hangs out over the house
it's seen by neighbors it's seen by
everybody and then it's gone it shoots
into outer space I I talked to Jake's
son about this when we were at his house
and and and there's a lot of commonality
but I don't I don't want to speak for
him at all but I but I do recall having
a lot of
similarities with my childhood with his
which is really interesting um but back
to my dad all I know is he had a lot of
UFO books and I got the
impression that he didn't want to
discuss it with me until I was old
enough and then by that time I had my
own career blah blah blah and so did he
ever discuss it with you uh oh yeah what
did he say yeah um he would
always maintain this
um strict
rigid rubric of scientific parsimony
right and so he would he would in an
open open-minded way intent entertain
possibilities but then he would have
these discussions about like we were
talking about probabilities right what's
what's this and so forth and so I I
think it was his way of dealing with the
fear by trying to rationalize everything
and just always conclude not sure don't
know right but leave it as a possibility
I'll you know worship the the Carl San
you know perspective of the world that
um what's what's the the cliche now is
that um extraordinary claims require
extraordinary proof yeah so 2018 mean I
got the extraordinary proof I don't
think a New York Times article is
extraordinary proof I think I haven't
gotten to that yet I think your
experience is I haven't gotten to it yet
okay the New York Times article is 2017
right in 2018 yeah I attended a
conference where
um a guy got up to the podium and he
announced
himself
as um a former Air Force s
ENT at Whitman Air Force Base who was a
PRP qualified medic PRP is the Personnel
reliability program it's the it's the
HR effort program to make sure you don't
have crazy people controlling nukes
right uh and and here's this guy and he
starts telling the story about this
camping trip that he and his other buddy
another sergeant or a first class or
whatever took this camping trip and
how uh
he
was
uh injured as a result of this
experience where the bottom of his feet
were burned
sunburned um and so I don't want to I
don't want to tell story Terry's story
is Terry love La Terry love La yeah
and he and I have become very good
friends since then um but what
really what really got my attention was
when he told the story about being on a
table and Dr bug comes over and start
and he's screaming as loud as he can and
Dr bug looks over at him and says stop
screaming you know we're not going to
hurt you we've told you we're not going
to hurt you quit
screwing around and and stop your
screaming let just let us get this done
and he reaches over with a digit
whatever it was I don't know if it was a
claw or what Taps him on the head and
Terry says he was out like a light and
all of a sudden I'm in the I had already
moved up from the back row right
somebody had
left and I took their seat I was on the
front left and looking right at them I'm
may be from here to the wall
away and and I'm I'm starting to get the
Goosebumps right and the Shivers running
up and down my spine and then when he
tells this the B doctor bug part of the
story I'm I'm freaking out I'm my you
know I'm I'm really tense I'm sweating
you know and uh I get the hero standing
up on my my
arms and so that's when all the the
mountain bike stuff came flooding back M
and was shortly after that I would say
within a few months after that when I
went through the regression and
realized that the bug dream and the
mountain bike dream were not two
separate events and the red plaid shirt
was a uniform do you think there's some
sort of MIT connection with this topic
there's a MIT president named Carl
Compton and there's a guy named Robert
sarbacher who's this sort of famous uh
you know microwave frequency physicist
who clearly had something to do with the
UFO question he's on record talking to
UFO researcher William Steinman um but
also uh speaking to Wilbert Smith this
uh you know Canadian physicist who had
UFO research program called project
magnet and Robert star bacher's name
just keeps popping up it pops up with
Thomas Townsen Brown and anti-gravity
experiments in the 40s 50s and 60s and
sarbacher says that uh uh there was a
craft being held at rright Patterson and
that craft was taken over by uh the
Anderson trust and so those are guys
like John Anderson John LoveIt kind of
early CIA guys and then Carl Compton
comes to the scene president of MIT and
all of a sudden he's you know in charge
or has to do with this somehow and so I
do wonder if MIT has some sort of
connection with this whole thing and if
this sort of runs in families as it's
rumored Whitley streber obviously wrote
communion you know maybe the archetype
alien abduction case uh if not you know
Betty and Barney Hill but he you know
talks about his uncle working with very
closely with General AXS on at right
right Airfield um and his his father was
a reservist you know in Air Force guy
and you know so I don't know do you
think there's something there with you
or
um I I don't know is my succinct answer
um but since we're in specul Spa
speculation space here uh I have nothing
in my
experience that is inconsistent with
that uh I there is no Flags in any of
all the literature that I've read about
all that that is
inconsistent so it's sort of like with
Jake and his team I don't see any
inconsistencies there there's
there's um as I was mentioning to you
yesterday there's a lot of
smoke but no
flame that I personally observed at
DARPA or the afrl experience when I was
assigned at R Patterson for three years
yeah you worked we got to talk about
that yeah uh yeah because your your your
career is so fascinating because I know
you've never seen a UFO firsthand or
been read into anything but you were
stationed at right Patterson Air Force
Bas and you were vice president at saic
which always comes up with the UFO stuff
for only six months only six months yeah
fair enough but it is it I I find that
interesting it's almost like you were
hovering in and around the topic you're
always around the perimeter of this
stuff but like yeah you never get let in
yeah uh uh always a bridesmaid never a
bride
right that was kind of kind of the way
it has it has evolved and I'm would you
hear rumors at right like people cuz
like yeah any any any anecdotes that
might give you some conviction that
something is going on there outside of
the stuff in the lore like you know you
have Barry Goldwater you know saying
that he asked Curtis lame for you know
what what was being held in the Blue
Room at R Patterson I called Curtis lame
and I said General uh I know we have a
room at Wright Patterson where you put
all this secret stuff
can I go in there I've never heard him
get mad but he got mad and Hell of me
cussed me out said don't ever ask me
that question again do you have any
stories like that uh yeah I'm very aare
well excuse me I'm very well aware of
that story uh and a lot of the rumors
around um R Patterson uh Leonard
Stringfield uh uh very prominent very
well resective UFO
researcher uh from that or that region
um I do have uh yeah some
anomalous uh factors and some
anomalous sort of behavior but the but
the closest to what you were just
talking about with the man
Goldwater was a
um a situation where I I had you know
I've had a lot of Orthopedic procedures
I busted up Humpty you know and it
doesn't speak well to my athletic
prowess that I've had so many problems
right you look good to me man for for
for your age I'm super impressed you're
in good shape man so
um uh I I really needed to I didn't want
to go
to a doctor on base I was I was dating
matter of fact she became my
fiance um lived about uh 50 miles away
just over 50 miles
away and the radius of Tri care uh
Military
Insurance uh coverage was such that if
you if you lived if you lived outside of
a 35 mile radius I think it was 35 it
might have been a little further maybe
um
you you had to go to the military
Hospital on that base otherwise Tri care
wouldn't pay for your care and so I
switched my address to her address so I
found a doctor just outside that
radius and uh everything was great and
so I report into him I I didn't report
is you know the new patient processing
got to go in and they list all your
stuff and I listed like my 20 surgeries
and they're like oh well that's that's
interesting and I was like the same
thing yeah that's just a reflection of
my lack of athletic ability and that's
how I ended up with all this stuff
busted so then the doctor comes in he's
looking through everything he says oh uh
and he realized right away what I was
doing he goes so you're just outside the
radius right I was like yeah he goes
yeah I get a lot of you guys I get a lot
of guys from right back who come to see
me um because I don't want to go to the
base on uh or the hospital on base he
goes let me ask you something um
had they let you see the alien bodies
yet and and I I kind of wasn't ready for
that uh but I smiled kind of like I I
think I'm smiling now and I was like no
I don't I haven't I haven't gotten read
in on that or whatever and then he and
then he just he was looking at me very
seriously and then he goes oh I'm just
kidding right and uh and we get to talk
and then he goes you know
uh I asked that everybody to kind of
lighten up the mood right he goes but do
you mind if I tell you a story I was
like yeah sure you're I mean you're the
doc right you don't have a scalpel held
to my neck so uh yeah give it a go he
goes well there was this a two star
general that came in here uh about six
months ago and I did that same thing and
he got furious with me he stood up and
he came came over to me and got like
this far in my grill in my face and he
said don't you ever ask me anything like
that ever again I came here to get
treated not
traumatized by somebody like you now are
you going to treat me for this stuff or
not and he just he just ripped into him
and it immediately reminded me when he
was telling me that story of the story
between L and G and I was like wow like
he wouldn't have reacted acted so
strongly if there wasn't something there
right right and so did you hear anything
around the base or you know anybody
talking around okay yeah
um but what was somewhat anomalous uhuh
is that shortly after I got there I
found out that I had
been sort of demoted it it was kind of
it was kind of crazy so when I was when
I was at DARPA I was a uh Lieutenant
Colonel retired as a lieutenant colonel
ended up coming back as a gs15 uh to go
to Afghanistan to use little robots to
go try to find uh Bin Laden in the caves
and Tor Bor were you literally doing
that yeah that's amazing that's a really
interesting story well I I I gotta tell
you this is the first time I've ever
talked about that in public wow and the
reason is that that a a tremend L
heroic um God of
Aviation told that story to made a
reference to that story about three
months ago who's that on the Shawn Ryan
show his name is Allan Mack a legend
uhuh in the Night
Stalker uh T Force 160
community and in the middle of his
interview I Tim gadet asked asked me if
I had had met met Allan if I knew him
and I said no and he said and I think I
don't know if he sent me the link or
just told me that he had just done an
interview with
Shan and so so I watched the interview
with with wrapped attention and it was
magnificent I mean the guy I just can't
speak well enough for the guy and uh he
had he he had um a rough time with with
his wife um and his divorce similar
similar to mine he had a tougher than
mine but in any case I'm kind of
listening I think I went up to to go to
kitchen and make a sandwich or something
and then I hear him talk about how um
right after he had inserted he and his
guys had inserted all the the
detachments from fifth group that is now
a a legendary The Horse Soldiers there's
a book written about it movie written
about it with with um um what's the name
Thor uh
H uh not Liam the the other guy who's
Chris Hemsworth Chris Hemsworth yeah and
so he was this Oda Commander a special
forces a team commander and that they
made the movie the movie made it look
like it was one Detachment well you got
a multiply that by like 36 because there
were there were a bunch of Chris
Hemsworth all over the torbor region and
so Al was in his uh uh several
helicopters I don't know how many
Commander maybe five six I'm not sure
how many they were the guys that put
those guys in and so after they got done
with that mission they were told that
they were going to rotate back to Fort
Campbell Kentucky so they've been in
country for several months right and so
they're looking forward to going home
and then he got this cockamamy mission
to lower a robot down into a cave that
was one of your robots yeah I was I was
the only guy with robots in the country
at the time it had to be me they were
lowering the robots into a cave and what
were did you have a hand in the mission
itself or I was the mission you were the
mission I was I had a by name request
uhhuh from my former boss uh jumo Brown
a magnificent Warrior and Soldier uhuh
so that's why
DARPA called me back out of retirement
to go do this Mission were you in Tabora
for the mission or you were remotely
controlling it I was in uh Afghanistan
we were doing workups we were doing
rehearsals for it at balgam
Airfield um with a couple of uh Green
Beret from fifth group that will remain
unnamed and they it was our little cell
and they were going to use the robot
there to research re service those
tunnels and those caves rather than
taking a 12-man Detachment and and land
them and have to look in each cas cave
and there was significant distances
between and you got serious terrain that
you got to go through so rather than
doing that the idea was we lower the
robot looks in the cave real quick
either determines somebody's there
somebody's not and here's the
problem that a a lot of those tunnels it
was just a shallow cave it was like
maybe half as deep as this room and so
it looked like it was a tunnel you
didn't know until you got on the ground
and looked in and so Shadows can play
tricks on you and everything and then
the concern was there bunch of booby
traps right and so the value of my
little robots that's what I was brought
into DARPA to look at is to use little
robots to sneak
into places that might have wmd right
and so it made all the sense in the
world especially in the middle of winter
with a bunch of snow right and and that
the weight distribution of of a little
miniature tank with these fat Treads
what year was this this was 2001 well I
got the mission in 2001 we didn't
actually get over there until very early
2002 January February and did because
for a while we had pretty good
confidence that Bin Laden was in torob
Bora right and then he sort of got away
like what what happened there because he
ended up we found him in wiir Pakistan
or whatever so we're already in the
rabbit hole now we're going into a
deeper Rabbit Hole within the rabbit
hole s have you ever heard of the the
book um kill Ben L by a guy named Dalton
Fury I have not yeah so if you if you
look at that um we can talk about that
afterwards but that
was um written by one of my colleagues
uh a fellow true Commander not a
squadron commander we were kind of like
lower middle management right um and he
had that mission and he asked on three
separate occasions he went on 60 Minutes
in disguise
to tell Scott Pell that he had Direct
OverWatch on Bin Laden on three separate
occasions very close easily within Small
Arms range and he asked for clearance to
take out the Target and it was denied
three times that's really weird that's
crazy that's so [__] that's it's it's
like you had you just had an incentive
to Nation build in Afghanistan then go
into Iraq and waste all this time and
money but get Halbert in a contract or
something it's so ridiculous that that's
the fact I gotta read this book I want
to talk to this guy and and and I'm sure
it's on YouTube I mean I've watched on
YouTube several times uh he has since
passed away uh throat uh cancer um yep
and and just a great guy oh man uh very
you know again one of these Heroes that
that um I had the pleasure of serving in
the same unit not at the same time I
never met him never shook hands he came
in probably couple few years after I
left they just let him go three times
Bin Laden that's what that's what
um GFF said that's what that's what that
that's what crazy well that's what I
mean there were rumors that we were
closing in on Benin La at Tabora and
then all of a sudden he gets away and
then you hear stuff like that the isi
kind of knew you know the um Pakistani
intelligence knew that Bin Laden was in
wasan the whole time and I mean you just
look at like the way in which Bin Laden
was found and you're like how isn't this
guy found prior with the amount of
resources we $6 trillion do that we
spent in Middle East activities post you
know two uh uh uh September 11th 2001
how do we not find this one guy it's
just crazy and you have like you know
the total information awareness stuff
and you have you can Network and you
there are ways to find people and you
can't can't find this one guy like then
then when you do find him he's like
watching DVDs in this weird out housee
and he's got like it's like give me a
break like it's crazy uh but but the
impact on me at that time in
February
was
um we were we were spinning up we were
rehearsing my mission our mission to
send these two guys with this robot and
ATT Tech another heroic guy I will tell
you his name his name is Nathan desm
legend in the robotics EOD
Community um and he was that guy was
amazing he was he was able to splice
fiber optic back together on some of
these these uh robots and so forth
anyway they uh I heard this
rumor that
we had we the unit had been lad in their
sites three times and it was denied down
the Chan very short Chan of command so
it's very unique that interesting
straight from the president yeah down to
yeah this this unit through a two star
general what was the rationale do you
have any sense they never got it that's
that was the problem there was never any
reason given there's a lot of hypothesis
later that I've heard from it's not like
we wanted him alive we killed him in
Pakistan it's like the one
reasonable um speculation that I heard
10 years later skiing with a good buddy
of mine another Aviator very senior
Aviator as a matter of fact he was the
senior Aviator in the Army um I tell you
his name but I haven't asked him yet so
sure um and he said I think that we
wanted to dangle Bin Laden out to get
the other fish kind of like you know you
have an insort kind of like the Narco
world right yeah so you got you got
somebody but you want to see how many
little fish gather around them so we can
get them all up there's there's some
logic to that yeah um but in any case
the impact on me was near tragic but the
way if you're I'm just I just want to
play Devil's Advocate there then you
take the guy hostage and you get the
other fish I mean they're all you have
more leverage if the guy is in your
custody than if you he's just out free I
mean come on and on a ski lift I think
that's exactly how I addressed that yeah
so the um at that time during the
spinup I was Furious because we didn't
have any microphones on any of our
robots and I and I had
mandated early on in my Dara program we
got to have microphones we got to have
the same sensing capacity
as a human right because we don't want
to do worse than a human right why do
you want to put a a robot in if you if
there's you know there's there's
obviously value that that a robot can
fit in a hole but a human can't but we
at least got to be able to hear right
because I wanted to use them as assets
right if if Ben lad's down in that
tunnel I want to be able to hear what
the heck he's saying right that's part
of the that's why you need SF guys
Special Forces guys because we're
language trained and we can understand
what the hell he singing
so we didn't have microphones I was
Furious so I catch a a space a a space
available flight first to Turkey uh to
interi uh and then to Germany and while
I'm in Germany with Nate we hear about
operation anaconda and how everything
has gone to Hell in a hand basket and
helicopters are shoted down all this
stuff um and it just took all the wind
out of my sales cuz then when I came
back and then I that there was all these
rumors about well and you know we had
been Ling three times and I'm like the
hell am I doing here yeah if if we find
him yeah with the robot
yeah what they're just going to say no
right so what is so you can imagine the
effect on on the motivation of that yeah
it's demoralizing do I was totally
demoralized Kabuki theater you're just
chasing around a guy just to let him go
every time it's weird exactly and so
when I got back I I I out breathed the
DARPA
director uh
and and he said okay well we'll we'll
get microphones on him and so forth and
I said no sir that's not good enough I
need to pick handpick my team of the
guys that are going to run these robots
around and he refused so I resent that's
the end of that story crazy story well
John you were you were Green Beret am I
wrong that's correct okay so recent
Green Beret just came on my show his
name is Randy Anderson I believe you
know him now yeah and Randy has a pretty
amazing story he says that he was
stationed as an 18 Bravo weapon Sergeant
at uh Naval surface Warfare Crane in
Indiana that he was taken in an elevator
underground taken past a bunch of
security checkpoints into a skiff uh
secret compartment ized information
facility and the placard on the wall of
the skiff was offworld
Technologies and uh he was shown two
things an orb levitating above a Podium
and a gauntlet like almost like a glove
like thing emitting
hieroglyphics and I have his
DD214 I have a couple of his colleagues
dd214s I know for a fact that he still
occasionally
does contract work for Area 51 I think
people don't realize how big of a a test
site that is and that they're not going
to like fire this guy for he didn't
break any ndas as a result of of this he
just you know it was uh it was just the
NDA you know uh the the naval surfice
Warfare crane NDA nothing to do with
Area 51 they wouldn't retaliate if they
did retaliate it would it would be
self-identification for Area 51 so you
have all these people kind of coming at
the story saying it's [__] I I L
Blended a lot of credence given what
I've gotten to know about him over the
last you know couple of months i' I've
known him for maybe four or five months
now but I've done you know extra
research on it what what do you think
about his
story uh so before he came on your show
yeah long before he came on your show
yeah I I had quite a bit of interaction
with him Dave grush uh through maybe one
other person maybe it was Michael
put me in touch with him and again with
the same notion that Ross and Dave
wanted me to do with
Jake just just no just
uh be a
compassionate open
ear
and um and yeah you know again tell them
my story and and part of the value of
this is when these guys come out that at
least they're not crazy as the colonel
who thinks he was freaking abducted by a
a praying mantis sure right and so it
kind of It kind of encourages them but
what was your assessment of the core
Story I mean do you think that
uh I I I believe every aspect of his
story uh I don't have the same level of
confidence because I didn't meet him
with four other guys that I could see
and watch the watch the behavior sure
but I find zero in
consistency with what he said now
there's a couple of details very
important details that you left out in
your summary yeah and uh one was the
long elevator ride yep right and the
notion that topside the facility he
didn't he didn't really describe it as
being decrepit but it wasn't that I
think the way he described it is it
wasn't really
state-of-the-art right but when he when
he got to the bottom of that long
elevator
ride it was very sophisticated right and
so that is entirely
consistent with an advanced weapons
development structure right first of all
underground is absolutely the most
secure facility you can imagine right
and and why worry about fence lines and
and canines and security forces folks if
you're what 100t below below grade so
and there are rumors of deep underground
military bases from Edwards to Nellis to
Peterson and Colorado and and Cheyenne
Mountain Complex norat like this stuff
is there's enough smoke there where I
you know you don't have to say anything
without me saying I think there's some
fire but I've been in several of them
yeah I've never never been rid on any
read in on anything in my entire career
uh but the smoke is very very prominent
and hot yeah never saw any Flames yeah
but the other the the ga the gauntlet
the Space Ghost glove yes that he
described in the sphere totally
consistent with Bob lazar's story from
1988 um why is the glove I didn't know
is the glove part of Bob lazar's story
or no the the um the sphere was uhhuh
but but I thought Bob Lazar worked on
like a sports model like alien
reproduction vehicle sort of UFO thing I
didn't know that he saw like a spere orb
or something oh yeah he describes a
basketball siiz maybe a smaller maybe
soccer ball sized is um item and as he
approached it and tried to it was it was
it was sort of like he had magnetic
gloves on of all opposite polarity and
so he couldn't get there he couldn't
that story's come up a ton seeing a
sphere being tested for your psionic
abilities your your your your mind
matter capabilities or something via
this sphere thing well I I don't want to
I just interviewed a psionic asset yeah
who has that story uh and so just that
just keeps coming up this sort of sphere
thing that often I guess in ry's case he
says it came off the craft it wasn't the
craft itself it came off the craft and
then I just had Michael shrad on who's
just deep uh UFO researcher who goes
through all of Leonard stringfield's
stuff oh yeah and he's he's describes
this egg um and the egg is cracked and
it's it's taken to the to Berkeley labs
to be studied and they're on the inside
is a sphere inside of the egg so I have
no idea we're getting in super
speculative territory but okay so lazara
who what else would corroborate because
Lazar I think reasonably to somebody in
the audience is like you know who knows
so is there anybody else that yeah go
for well uh other elements of smoke this
is more wispy than the thick
carcinogenic heavy black smoke but
um Crane's not far from R Patterson no
it's a few hour drive three hours and
it's a Navy facility that's right um now
what what I could tell you about um
Randy's specialty as an 18 Bravo a
weapon
Sergeant uh
these guys really are are quite special
one of the final exams during the
Special Forces Q course is called the
pile test did did Randy tell you about
any of that I don't think he mentioned
that I I saw your interview with him
yeah so um talked about stress fractures
everywhere just how int but now what's
the pile test the pile test is so a
weapon sergeant in in their six months
of training they're trained on all sorts
of foreign weapons and
uh you you have to learn how to assemble
them disassemble them repair them
because you're Behind Enemy Lines You'
got a we call Battlefield recovery you
use whatever you pull off the
battlefield and you repair them and give
them back to the the the gorillas that
survived or the in a foreign internal
defense you you you're kind of trying to
do counter gorill but one way or another
these weapons you need to be an expert
like almost an armor level a lot of lot
of these guys end up after they retire
they go run gun shs and they they become
rers so the pile test is out of all the
weapons and I don't know how many they
learn over the course of their training
it's probably double digits like 11 12
15 different
weapons and so these weapons are
randomly selected and they come in and
there's a
table and all the weapons are there and
then the instructor clicks the stop
watch and they got to disassemble all
their weapons and then okay everybody's
timed and everybody that doesn't make in
a certain amount of time you're a nogo
and then you got to do a retest so
you're out then you got to come back and
do it again and then uh same thing okay
now disassemble it put it all together
all right anybody that doesn't
disassemble it it's a lot easier than
assembling usually um and every now and
then there'll be as because there's
little Springs tiny little springs and
and you'll hear like a bing and the
spring goes flat across the room and the
guy's like oh [__] go and so you got to
go scramble get the string so lots of
hilarious stories about that but the
pile test is after those two
pre-tests then uh they got to stand up
and come away from the table and then
the after the
disassembly the instructor comes over
and mixes all the parts so now you you
have a pile of random
parts and then you sit back down at
your chair in front of this table with
all these
parts and then the instructor clicks the
watch and you have to reassemble all
these these weapons and then they turn
the lights
on and there's a timed test that's how
good these guys got to be that in total
darkness they reassemble all these
weapons so
with that level of perspective on
ballistics and and armor sort of skills
it would make sense that you would want
somebody like that to go examine these
potential weapons instead of a nuclear
physicist right if you're trying to
figure out what possible way we might
reverse engineer this sort of thing so
that's why I say there's no there's no
inconsistency with Randy stew it's it's
totally consistent and commensurate with
his skill set and his his skill level
also about half of the crashed UFO craft
stories involve hieroglyphics so like it
that actually that isn't super random
either but yeah it's just it's so
interesting and I think the thing in his
case is he he will admit he's like I
don't know why I was shown this stuff
but like you know and I don't know if
this was some bizarre scop or whatever
but I I think the core experience is
real no reason I mean the other thing
you can probably speak to is you know
and I've spoken to a couple of his Green
Beret colleagues now um I've seen the
their dd214s I know there one of them
was actually does still does work with
him at Area 51 and was like yeah I saw
that green orb that Randy talked about
so you know and the other I think has a
you know successful company and the and
a lot of Green Berets sort of follow
this person so uh yeah I I believe him I
believe his core story he doesn't really
get anything out of this you know we
plugged his like self-defense Local
Company in Las Vegas at the end of the
thing but it's like there's he's not
doing this for you know fame or you know
any any he doesn't have ulterior motives
so it was really painful to see certain
people online go after his uh
credentials and background like I know
where he was deployed I know a lot more
actually about some War Feats that like
I I wanted to say but he didn't because
of the you know the Green Beret way and
uh to see people kind of question his
service and record when you know 20
people in his graduating class of Green
Berets aren't alive it's like it's just
shameful it's like it's so ridiculous
well that's another consistency right
because we keep our mouth shut right
that that our motto is quiet
professionals yeah and so he wanted to
do it anonymously he wanted his face
blurred out until a day before we shot
he was like and I was like dude I don't
think that's going to help and but we
and I talked about that a little bit and
and discussed it by text back and forth
um and I and I think that you know he
like like Danny shien's interpretation
of the law of an
NDA an NDA does not
apply to
them it it unless we have declared war
on them this non-disclosure agreement
that you discussed that you're not going
to talk about you know anything that
that will betray our ability to fight
our adversaries of course well and we
still haven't declared war on China yet
either right and so yeah but it's also
the clearly the the underlying principle
behind India it's like yet don't let a
blueprint as to how to build some you
know crazy weapon don't tip your hat to
the adversary but if it's ontological
truth if it's just a core thing that
like Humanity should know you can't NDA
that I'm sorry that's ridiculous that's
just dumb like some if it's if it's a
principle you know in uh you know uh
tricks of the trade that could cause
harm if in the wrong hands of of course
yeah that da the [__] out of that but I
mean this this stuff is it's for
Humanity it's ridiculous it's crazy yeah
I I mentioned this in my first interview
when I finally graduated with um Marie
mcney and I'm indebted to her and Josh
Elder for for setting that up for me um
and at one point she was asking me a
question I said you know I I kind of
want to stay away from that and she said
oh I I totally understand uh I wouldn't
want you to get in trouble for divulging
any secrets and I and I gently explained
to her it's not about getting in trouble
I've been in trouble all my life right
it's about protecting sources and
methods and your brothers and sisters in
arms you don't want to put them at risk
right kind of like you know the mission
impossible thing the knock list gets out
right so um so there's there's this
ethical morality balance there but but
you know speculatively let's let's take
a step back from
into Leo to Leo to to low earth orbit
all right let's look at this planet do
you see any boundaries between cities or
between countries do we see any
boundaries between the United States of
America so we're so divided right now
look at look at what would have happened
if we did have a civil war right and
you've got nuclear
weapons in
Wyoming and South Dakota
and um
Montana and one of one of those two
states are on opposite sides of the
Civil War are we going to Nuke our own
country' be disastrous right and so
let's let's take a step back and extend
beyond the the boundaries of the The
Divided States of America right and
let's look at the divided nations of
Earth M right same thing are we humans
really going to freaking nuke each other
over silly spats about
economics when there's a potential for
way bigger problems right out there so
Reagan's famous speech right with
gorbachov Mr gorbachov teared down this
wall what what if we were how ridiculous
all our petty little disagreements it's
funny Reagan apparently I've heard
rumors that Star Wars initiatives
actually dealt with you know the UFO
questions some of these you know weapons
ramp UPS in the early 80s a lot of
Reagan speeches dealt with non-human
intelligence and stuff you know in the
in the mid 80s this that's not
speculation that is fact you can go you
can go look at those speeches the facts
that I know I know of one speech where
he said it's like you know it's like if
there was an alien invasion you know it
would it would totally unite us as a
human race and then there's a second
story uh Gorbachev told um Charlie Rose
and he says you know I don't remember
was some un event or something and he's
sitting next to uh Reagan and Reagan
Whispers over before the event starts
and he says you know in the event of an
alien invasion would you help us
president rean subtly said to me
well what would you
do if the United
States were attacked by someone from
outer
space would you help
us I said no doubt about
it he said we
too and so um well this is one of the
most powerful aspects of Robert Hastings
book UFO and nukes yeah um great book
that that you know he and Bob Jacobs and
Terry and Mario woods and Jeff Goodrich
who still hasn't had his story told uh
and that deserves so we could talk about
that later try to put you guys in touch
awes phenomenal but but the the part of
the most compelling aspect of that is
the collective perspective that most of
us share I don't want to speak for all
of them but but I took away from it was
the notion and Robert has said this on
in his doent and many interviews that
the collective feeling from it is that
we are playing with fire we I call I
have a chapter called nuclear
matchsticks that we are
essentially kids playing with matches in
the
backyard I believe that and I believe if
you this gets into weird kind of
ontological Truth in metaphysics but
maybe we're poking holes in reality with
certain high energy physics experiments
and with you know some of the nuclear
stuff and it's almost opening portals to
another world and that I think that the
really interesting phenomena that
happens after that is you have all these
really tough guys who get spooked by
really crazy you know entities that they
encounter and after those encounters
they kind of turn on the system and
they're like we have to we need to we
need peace you know we need to we need
to lay our arms down great example all
members of that club yeah and it's it's
fascinating to see it's you know Randy
Anderson's great example where he's that
guy's a tough dude you just you just see
like you know that guy could beat the
[__] out of me and but he's going
through this like really interesting
Journey where he's I think waking up
becoming more conscious and that's what
prompted him to come out to me with this
story and uh and we had really deep
conversations before putting the story
out that I I wish people could see
around his you know uh reforming as a
person almost Spiritual Awakening and
that's happening to a lot of military
guys so it's almost like you're you're
poking The Beehive the bees come out and
then you're like actually you know you
kind of Reform you realize that there's
you know to quote Jake
Barber it's not ontological Shock it's
ontological relief yeah we we we
understand now and we and so yeah so and
that's why do this right one other
detail I want to talk to you about
specifically with the Randy Anderson
story is he was introduced to me by an
amazing UFO researcher named UAP gerb
recommend everybody check out his
channel it's really deep incredible
stuff and uh his name is Sammy UAP G
he's done a deep dive on basically he
thinks that saic which is located right
next to Naval service Warfare crane was
the contractor doing the psionic testing
they're on record doing psychotronic
testing and other cases you know getting
into that area I think they wrote a
paper on or they commissioned a paper on
electr gravitics James Woodward and I
think 88 or something you know they
they're they're very deep on uh
alternative science that is UFO adjacent
let's just say so you were a VP of saic
for six months do you think that saic
was the contractor for
Randy uh I I have read a lot of smoke no
flames um I I was brought aboard saic to
take over a troubled robotics division
out in Littleton
Colorado um and I I didn't get very far
because I was almost immediately pulled
back to
DARPA uh I was I was really excited
about uh taking over that Division I had
some some um
very some I had a lot of optimism that
we could uh make some big
impact but that I mean was like three
days after I'm I'm at Ground Zero and
DARPA was calling me art Morris great
friend of mine brilliant scientist and
he's like hey we want to get you back
we're we're getting ready to go to um
overseas he just left it at that right
because it was still early on but we all
knew it was Afghanistan right uh and I
was like dude I'm I got my hands full
here let me I'm trying to rescue people
for crying out
loud killing people and going after bin
ladden that's secondary let's let me
take care of this stuff first and then
it stayed back burner uh
until I ended up uh turning over robots
to another great hero Ser first class
Dave Platt and ended up finally getting
back to my house that I had just bought
in in
Colorado and and then got redeployed
there so I only had maybe 30 days total
time at seic before I had to take a
leave of absence from there to go become
a gs15 the to so not really a lot of
opportunity to peek under the skirt and
look around for any you know interesting
stuff so um so yeah uh I was never R
into anything at SS
um I gave one briefing on the potential
of small robots to sneak into little
nooks and crannies um kind of a ther you
know uh that's got value for looking in
rubble right because if you're 250lb
firefighter with a SCUBA tank you ain't
fitting up underneath that yeah that
couch right uh and a security system
that's designed to detect a 2 meter bag
of water uhuh probably not going to
detect something the size of my fist
yeah right sneaking through the the
barbed wire and if we're going to be
looking for microbial Life on
Mars it makes no sense to be wandering
around the
surface of a planet that is literally
bathed in
poisonous
radiation Chris McKay I'll never forget
it he he gave a phenomenal lecture um
but in in the summer of
2001 uh it was a it was a um fundraiser
to kind of motivate all of us that we're
going to go up to to the hton crater as
part of the NASA's hmp hton hton Mars
project and there was the Mars
underground so forth so there's some
video of me on on a website this on my
LinkedIn page it's day 17 in the Mars
simulation and a new crew member arrives
with some unusual American Military
technology my name is Lieutenant Colonel
John blitch treated like a American
football and you're running for the end
zone I'm a program manager for the
Tactical mobile robotics program at the
defense Advanced research projects
agency it was a wonderful experience
with with Dr Pascal Lee um Dr Bob Zubin
and Dr Darlene limb all these people
brilliant and and we essentially played
like we were Mars astronauts and my role
was the robot guy and I brought bunch of
robots from DARPA up there to pretend
that we were on Mars and and the niche
was fitting into little nooks and
crannies the Shadows that's where you're
going to find microbes and Chris mccave
shared with us he he he held Us in
wrapped attention for like two and a
half hours with two slots one was like
uh red Mars and then maybe blue Mars or
green Mars I and and uh James Ken was
here I met him and he was taking a lot
of heat because of I forget the name of
the movie I think it was red Mars or
something Mars and and he took a lot of
eat and finally he said okay it's just a
movie for crying out loud right you know
let let let me off the hook but um Chris
was always a a big
opponent of man missions because he felt
that we were going to contaminate the
surface so how do you know if a
hitchhiker uh microbe doesn't fall off
your skin end up on your boot and then
suddenly blooms and flourishes in the
soil on mars or whatever so he was he
was at I think he was at Ames I say Ames
and and there was friction between the
astronaut Folks at Johnson Space Center
and the scientists there the pro robot
guys MH we can only afford to send
robots and we got to of course you're
going to you know do them in a clean
room and make sure there's no dust on
them or whatever and then he suddenly
realized I don't know when his Epiphany
was but it was before he gave this
lecture that you know what there is no
chance of anything surviving on the
surface of Mars because all of the
radiation so now he's like we should
send astronauts do it now and that was
in
2001 and before we launched up there in
July of 2001 what do you think of these
structures that we're now finding on
Mars like these sort of anomalous
artificial looking structures do you
think that Mars at one point had life
you know even the conventional sort of
astronomical understanding of Mars is
that maybe at some point it did have
life and that its magnetosphere was
stripped uh there is extremely
compelling evidence in my personal and
professional opinion
that they're that so don't take it from
me Richard hogland you know the face on
Mars guy and the pyramid Sedonia hogland
was also a little nutty in other ways
but he's not the only one but a lot of a
lot of Hogan's stuff is
becoming uh uh uh Vindicated like he you
read the first part of dark mission that
book and like he's talking about the you
know uh querian you know like uh
Maxwell's equations the the you know
expanded version of Maxwell's equations
being more faithful than the heavy side
simplification and two years ago you
could have said that's quacky and
ridiculous or whatever now you have the
National Science Foundation NASA doing
podcasts talking about this stuff and
I've spoken to enough serious Aerospace
people where I'm like I think that's
real and then if that's real then like I
don't know is our whole rocket program
just a weird you know Pagan ritual cult
like I'm not sure I don't know well you
know since we're down that rabbit hole
uh uh John
brandenburg's Series yeah books about
the the isotopic ratio that is exclusive
as far as we
know to a nuclear
detonation and that huge B
Marys and and so he
speculates that whatever civilization
was there was eradicated nuclear war and
he has the the the chemical photonic
evidence that he
presents very compellingly in my opinion
that you know there there's correlations
and there's causation right and so if
you have correlation how does
correlation becomes what's it's an
isotope that's only a new could create
yes what is the isotope do we know so um
so you have this correlation
between um these factors and this result
and then correlation becomes causation
when um aam's razor slices through all
of the other Alternatives and that's all
if you can account for all the other
variables then you're left with by the
laot parsimony
that's that's the only thing we got and
so that's how it becomes causation so he
could find no
other
reasonable
uh no other
reasonable mechanism for that isotopic
ratio to be there I want to talk other
than a nuclear donation I'll send you
the links to a bunch of his books yeah
he's he's got three that I know he
gravity experiments as well is that the
same John Brandenburg or is that
different um I don't recall any gravity
experiments but it might be interesting
it could be wow yeah I also I just spoke
to Joseph mcmonagle who was part of yeah
yeah the you know remote viewing program
and he he remote viewed Mars a million
years ago claimed to see all these
pyramids and then he says he's now in
touch with all these guys at JPL who
were sending him all these artificial
structures on on Mars and I saw the
photos at his place and
you know he's not super deep on the
provenance of you know and like exactly
what the credentials are of the people
he's in touch with but I'm super curious
because have have you are you familiar
with uh Carl wolf and his test yeah yeah
yeah Lieutenant Carl wolf yeah with uh
this was uh he was in a dark room and he
saw this photo of a a structure on but
that that was on the moon he was he was
not a lieutenant he was a senior Airman
uhhuh uh and he was at um he was he was
a a photo repair uh technician that's
right and and this was he he claimed to
be in some like in a like a a special
compartment of NASA or something it was
like in a mountain right no it was at
Langley it was Langley and he went into
a
room and um he was surprised because
there was a lot of foreign language
spoken M and he came to realize that
there
were um apparently you know just based
on he said it was an international space
program that there were a bunch of
scientists from all over the
world there at this meeting and he was
brought in to repair
a um device for photo processing that
was broken and the other person in the
room I think was also an Air Force
Airman started whispering to him that
that they had discovered huge structures
on the dark side of the moon and so he
became uncomfortable because he knew
that this guy was telling him something
that he wasn't supposed to know so this
is part of this but he saw a photo oh
yeah yeah the guy showed him the guy
showed him a photo and then he made a
about and then he died he got hit by a
car on his bike or something it was a
weird yeah he he was riding his bike and
he was hit by a semi trctor trailer and
so this this comes into some of this you
know uh rumor some hot smoke on some of
this of people being eliminated with the
use of deadly force that is rationalized
by the notion that we really have to
keep this secret because it's too scary
for well you know uh do you think there
are structures on the Dark Side of the
Moon China is now going to the dark side
of the
moon I have no red flags of
inconsistency of
inconsistency to say
otherwise yeah but I feel like the the
burden of proof should beond the person
saying that there are possibly
structures on the Dark Side of the Moon
absolutely well yeah the burden of proof
is really interesting right like would
you would you say your base case is that
there are structures on the Dark Side of
the
Moon um no I I all I'm saying is I have
no reason to
disbelieve Carl wol he didn't he didn't
write a book and get rich and famous
sure that I know of um and the fact of
the matter is you f books don't sell MH
the vast majority of them especially
abduction books that's way too crazy uh
so um so I don't have any reason to
disbelieve Carl wolf and the logic of
what he
described uh tracks it's it's consistent
in in in my personal opinion the moon
itself is a very weird structure you
know you have uh Apollo 10 I believe
took off and then it sort of rang like a
bell 12 Apollo 12 no was it 12 I thought
it was it was 12 because 10 didn't land
11 landed 11 landed rang like a belt 12
12 they put seismometers in the earth
and then they crashed the booster
intentionally and then it rang like a
bell for three hours I think it was 12
and 15 oh 12 when they took
off they
um they they
deorbited um the I think it was the
command mod no it wasn't a Command
Module Command Module booster yeah it
was the booster yeah it and it rang yeah
and then they replicated it three
missions later as I understand it Oh I
thought any but either way you had a
repeatable
yes effect and you had Gordon McDonald
you know space admin under Eisenhower
saying the only thing I he at Columbia
he said the only the only explanation
for the Moon is that it's a hollow
structure and and you had remote viewers
at the time like gingo Swan saying that
you know fell H and this is actually a
fact uh the soil you know at the top of
the Moon uh is uh uh uh older than uh uh
sediment layers below it which only
pattern matches to excavation sites or
Hollow
structures well okay to play drill and
then get newer stuff to play Devil's
Advocate if you have a a
meteorite um strike uh and it explodes
then you could have lower lower layers
that end up on top that's possible it's
possible okay well that but that would
just be in one region that wouldn't be
ubiquitous across the moon also the Moon
is usually is way too big for a normal
Moon and it is uh I mean I don't know if
this matters but it is it's like 1/400
the size of the Earth and then it's 400
times closer to the Earth than the Sun
and it orbits in this perfect way where
you never see the dark side which is
also very irregular that's not something
that you would normally
encounter when we compare our moon
around this planet to other moons in our
own solar system we which we know a lot
about it is highly irregular yeah it's
highly irregular so it's been speculated
that maybe it's sort of an artificial
structure like an alien satellite or
something like that spaceship or I'm I'm
well aware of a lot of that speculation
okay what's the weirdest thing that you
can talk about that you worked on at
DARPA weirdest most interesting most
mind most
mindblowing oh well my my special Access
program um
was trying
to reverse
engineer uh camouflage from spilop pods
that's so cool can you and what what
what Shook Me Up
was the
um sudden
awareness that
um a possibly in excess of
70% of neural
processing in seop pods is independent
from their central nervous system and
the way it the the way I became aare
aware of it is uh with a couple of
brilliant scientists from I uh Israel I
think it was University of hia maybe um
Benny hawner and and tomarrow Flash and
they came to this this
um fabulous Workshop that uh Roger
handland from Marine biological uh
laboratory at Woods Hole um and he's
kind of the the god of seapods and
crypsis behavior brilliant guy you could
see his Ted Talk um
and that's back dated back in 2012 but
gez 20 years or 15 years before
that um I saw that same video and I sold
a $70 million program based on that one
video wow it shows him swimming along
and he's coming across this Coral Le uh
coral reef and there's seaweed swaying
back and forth and as he approaches what
looks like a rigid hunk of
coral uh all of a sudden blanches white
and it's and you see this big eye in the
middle of it and it shoots off after
squirting ink behind it wow and that's
an octopus were you
successful uh
yes and then a month later uhhuh it was
cancelled crazy with no explanation very
weird no I thought at the time so this
happened in Fall of 20 2000 yeah and I
got word right after the election so the
the election of 2012 or 201 the turn of
the century of the Y 2K election was
between um Al Gore and George W bush and
it was a very tight election and it it
it got down to the the legendary hanging
Chads they were counting back in Florida
where they were worried about just this
little tab not being fully open whatever
and it got it it made you know 2020 look
like a regular election almost right it
was wild and so um there was a lot of
rumors about when the when the Clinton
Administration left the White House they
had trashed it and all this stuff and I
was caught up in that and and I
uh erroneously attributed it to a
political stunt that the incoming
Administration was going to stick it to
the outgoing
Administration by picking a couple of
pet projects and and just cancel them
because that that was that was the best
that I could do to make sense of the
data to connect all the
dots uh and I was Furious about it and
it and it it played no small role in me
leaving even Dara and deciding to retire
from the military uh CU I I suddenly
started thinking you know I need to get
my butt and and so saic came to me and
offered me this job making way more
money than I ever imagined I could even
as a retired Colonel right and so um
that that combination of factors made me
take that job and retire even though I I
I felt like I I still had you know I had
hopes of making General officer matter
of fact I've had been told on several
occasions that I that I was going to
that I I was good for at least two stars
that's what quote was told to me it's
funny speaking to you it just it always
makes me wonder how this UFO program
operates or works because like I think
you'd be like the best recruit for like
something like that no I am a screw up
man no you you I mean you're into the
topic you have this interdisciplinary
knowledge and then yeah it's just so
weird like I I do think saic had
something to do with this you know Bobby
Ray Inman who director of the CIA and I
think like number two at NSA like you
know a rare person to be at the top of
both
organizations and you know he has this
call with Bob oxler this uh you know UFO
researcher and he's basically admitting
that you know we have we have UFOs in
our possessions do do you uh anticipate
that any of the recovered vehic Les
would never be uh become available for
uh technological research outside of the
uh military circles again I honestly
don't know uh 10 years ago the answer
would have been no yeah whether his time
has evolved they're beginning to become
more open on it there a possibility a
short time later Bob exler received this
call Mr exler this is Tom King an
admiral inman's office yes you would be
breaching confidence and or viol
of the laws and discussing his
involvement in any
matter Ben rich said same same thing Ben
Rich did say the same thing we have the
technology quote we have the technology
to take ET home do you think that was
Bluster or propaganda or do you think he
really so so again putting my behavioral
scientist cap on ego is a powerful
Factor right in all us and and I have to
deal with that myself right all the time
and
so uh we you know
Secrets bolster your ego if if I am
told I'm gonna tell you something but
you can't tell Jesse makes me feel
important all right so imagine a a
30-year career as a senior
intelligence officer you rise up through
the ranks right and you get to be a
gs-15 and you you you feel super special
like I'm the only guy on the planet that
knows all this stuff and your ego is
just ballooned
up and it's and what you got to do is
you got to pop the balloon every now and
then and if if you're surrounded by the
right people that will pop that for you
not burst it just puncture it and let a
little air out sometime and then maybe
reinflated it
back and forth but without that
counterbalance it can really lead you
into um some inaccurate assumptions and
that that has certainly happened to me
on more than one occasion so I bring
this into the conversation in the
context of this threat narrative yeah
and I I really want to push back against
the threat narrative and the fear that
it that it generates yeah this stuff's
not
it's not a threat I mean unless there's
some specific thing that we're doing now
that threatens them that is wholesale
you know orders of magnitude worse than
like the creation of nukes I I don't I
don't see how it is a threat well so so
you know my
underlying
um thesis for what I present in the
alien abduction
uh amnesty not is that the abduction
phenomenon is at the center of all of
this and so I want to I want to bow down
yet
again uh for to all of my heroic
brothers and sisters in the intelligence
intelligence community and thank them
for their pessimistic point of view they
are inherently pessimistic and they have
to be their whole career
is based on briefing a
commander with the worst possible case
so I want to counterbalance that and
present a statistically based argument
that
99% of the violent crime that is
committed on this planet not just the
United States globally is committed by
1% of the population so if you
extrapolate from there which is the only
thing we can do unless somebody starts
divulging secrets and telling us
otherwise 99% of
them are friendly and there's only
1% that might be doing bad stuff to us
now the middle ground is the scientists
right the veterinarians who come in and
pluck us out of our bed play with us
take me off my mountain bike take me out
of my bed after the using the the the
hurricane over my house and the cover to
land whatever they do
yeah but that there's compassion there
because they remove our memories so that
we can get on with our lives if I could
remove my Labrador retriever's memory
yeah of every time I brought him to the
vet I would do it on heartbeat have you
ever seen the movie the shape of water
oh yeah so that's a great movie guo Del
Toro talks about sort of mid-century
experiments of uh human animal
hybridization and I have met uh somebody
who's former DARPA he said he could tell
me this because it didn't then this
project that he was working on never got
approved never got went through but it
was a submission that he made and it was
um based on the work of this guy Richard
goldshmid who is an Al alternative to
Darwin um you know in the early 20th
centuries this German guy and it was uh
uh hopeful monsters so it was like you
had like a you know like a tiger and a
lion mate or something then you get a
liger and in the liger case it dies off
or whatever but like every once in a
while you get these sort of hybrids that
fulfill this specific ecological niche
that lives on and that's how you get
these sort of punctuated equilibria
rapid speciation you know in the
phenetic tree that's how you get these
jumps and evolution which aren't really
well explained in the pure darwinian
Theory and I found that fascinating and
I guess that never you know made it
across the line do you think DARPA has
ever experimented with human animal
hybrids or human alien
hybrids uh I again I have never been
read in on anything even a whisper of
any of that uh
but that is consistent with darpa's
mission to do that type of research to
ensure technolog iCal surprise for our
country over our adversar do you know
who so I don't know what I don't know
have you ever heard the name de L Bron
by any so this guy was in charge of
quote unquote alien autopsies back in
the day but then he went on to run the
Rockefeller foundation and he was
president of Johns Hopkins as well he's
doing all sorts of medical stuff and so
do you ever wonder if some of our you
know things implemented in our kind of
medical industry or food industry are
actually derived from sort of you know
alien stuff two- word answer yeah
ontological
relief do you think that Philip Corso's
narrative is correct where like you have
these meta materials basically his you
know the the sort of golden age of
material science of you know the late
50s was a result of the Roswell
materials uh being transferred to you
know right pad and then he was actually
in charge of doing it out to kind of
civil side commercial use cases so so
that book was fascinating and I think I
purchased
it either I don't know if it was at the
same
time no I think it was after I think it
I think I I think I bought it when I was
at Socom so um another So speaking of
books before I bought Corso's book I
bought lley streber book
communion which is another anomalous
Behavior factor it's not as strong as
the mountain bike or the or the bruises
on the arm but it is an anomalous one
independently corroborated because my my
daughter and I were meeting my my wife
and my older daughter this is right
around the same time as the mountain
bike then we're cutting through the mall
and we go through a Barnes & Noble and
we're late um and so we're hustling
along and I happen to glance as we're
cutting
through and I Freez in my tracks like
like solid frozen
uh and I and I am paralyzed with fear
and it's and the the hairs here it goes
again the hair is standing up on my
arms and
um I'm I'm staring over at the wall to
my right and it's it's with Le streber
book it's the face the communion
face and I I froz my tracks and the next
thing I know my my daughter is tugging
on my hand and I'm know to me she had
continued walking through through the
bookstore got out to the mall wondered
where the hell I was and came back and
grabbed me she's like Dad come on we're
going to be late and so I let her drag
me out of the store essentially and we
go back and so I make some excuse to my
wife they're they're I think they were
buying school stuff school clothes or
whatever so I came straight back to that
bookstore and I bought the book and I
immediately ripped the cover off and
threw it in the trash before I walked
out of the door and it was it again that
weird anomalous behavior and so I think
it was a couple a few years after that
it triggered you in some way that I
bought Corso's book right and so and
then at at one point um we had a uh we
had a St Patrick's Day party at um at
DARPA at at our office it was the
obviously 17 March I think it was 17
March
2001 uh my wife and I had just separated
uh preparing for a divorce that she had
asked for uh and it was that the we had
been on the rocks for a while I had
cheat on her earlier in my uh
relationship I just you know I was
wasn't a good husband was a good dad I
was just testosterone filled Warrior you
know mentality blah blah blah I've I've
come around to sort of try to forgive
myself for that uh but in any case uh we
were separated and so I ended up staying
the night instead of going home she had
moved in a basement I ended up getting
hammered at this at this uh St Patrick's
Day party I had I had
uh put on my man makeup my camouflage
green paint right and put on my uh
fatigues my my jungle uniform to play
around and some people thought it was
funny some people thought whatever dude
uh and so I ended up in this conference
room with with uh a couple other
scientists
uh who weren't program managers they
were on the support staff uh way smarter
than me by any stress of imagination and
they started I had this book in this
conference room and it was corel's book
they're like you don't believe that do
you and I was like well wait a minute so
now I'm now I'm kind of attack so now
I'm gonna we're going to have a little
exchange
here and I built up the case that
DARPA was what
Corso's
original um
section under General Trudeau became
that that DARPA ended up as the conduit
to break up all the component
Technologies and distribute them
throughout the wonderful free
enterprise free market uh economy of the
democratic United States of that's
fascinating because DARPA was founded
around what 57 58 or something 1958 it
was right after it was allegedly the
response to sput oh but you're saying
maybe it was also a response to this uh
army guy uh Corso say being given some
anomalous material to Dole out if you
read Corso's book and you read the
history of DARPA there are some really
interesting any other any other reasons
to believe that any other correlations
you can talk about
um yeah there's a little smoke uh it's
not the dark black there's flame is
going to ignite any minute but but
something that struck me when I first
reported in
was [__] I'm a I'm a nug yeah I got a
master's degree in math and computer
science from you know it it wasn't uh
probably upper tier in Academia the col
School of Minds wasn't super well known
but in certain circles it's very highly
regarded so okay but I don't have a PhD
and I certainly don't know anything
about the acquisition world you know how
to contracts are let and and all the
rest of this so as soon as I showed up I
asked my
boss uh to to go to this six-month long
program manager course to learn how to
manage a program before I start doing it
and he dismissed me out of hand right
off the
bat um and he said you don't need that
you you this is just going to be OJT
it's on the job training and I'm
thinking to myself wait a minute I that
doesn't make sense to me because I know
everybody in all the regular National
Labs Air Force research lab Army
research lab Navy research lab if you're
a
uniformed um scientist you have to go
through this certification process
process just so you don't mismanage the
taxpayers money you got to figure out
how to go through contract evaluation
and what's the source selection board
comprised of and and you got to learn
what you can commit to and what you
can't commit to and and he's just going
to blow that off and then it come to
find out that DARPA
has a an
exception to the federal acquisition
regul
the
far and that is why the other all the
other National Labs despised derper
because they had to go through
this you know
honorous um bureaucratic process to get
a contract out the door that would take
as much as 6 to 12 months right and so
was Nightmare so it was almost like the
concept that you were trying to bring to
Market was obsolete before it even
arrived but DARPA didn't have to go
through all that we had a
shortcut and we could we we did use do
Source selections but our stuff was out
the door me that's why everybody loved
it and the magnitude of those
contracts was was huge right so at that
time the late
990s a portfolio of of about $100
million that in the regular National
laborat iies that was a brigadier
generals level that was like a peo level
of management I had 130 million dollar
in my portfolio half was robots half was
was was this stealth program that was
canceled at uh a month after it it
became again for no reason so that was
that is consistent with what
Trudeau told Corso to do well do you
think just get the money out do you
think cancellation for no reason points
to uh some sort of back door to some of
these Legacy UFO programs where you
figure a certain thing out you start
working on it and then all of a sudden
again no flame yeah but this is super
heavy Thick
Smoke 2004
M I'm I'm
uh I'm a consultant uh working back for
DARPA getting paid way too much money
again and
I turn on the the evening news and
there's Katie
Cork and she shows this video
clip that she claimed to have received
from Al
jazer and it shows a com a convoy of
Tanks somewhere in Iraq I
think maybe up near T cre um and there's
a there's a Humvee
no the the lead element in this Convoy
was an Abrams M1 tank with like a like a
plow on the front that was supposed to
be able to deflect IED so IEDs were just
really becoming a big threat and so a
tank could run over an IED and nobody
would die right so tank's in the front
and they're coming they they come around
this this uh kind of a serpentine route
through this Village it's a compound a
lot of a lot of the Middle East has
small walled
compounds and there was no gate it was
just open and this tank comes comes
screaming through and then I think it's
followed by either another tank but
behind I I don't know if there's another
tank maybe it a maybe it a Bradley
Fighting Vehicle a a armored personnel
carrier then behind that is two Humes I
just remember thean back so then it that
it sort of screeches to a halt there was
no acoustics but I could you know from
my own time playing with tanks myself I
I could almost hear the tracks grinding
Screech to a Hal and it rocks a little
bit and then she is narrating the video
and she says now watch the right side of
your screen and the right side of the
screen is this pixelated image that kind
of the only reason you get your
attention she cued you to look over
there and it's fuzzy it's like pixelated
it's fuzzy and it comes moving along
along this W this this ditch just
outside the compound wall and then it it
gets close to the tank and then it's
just a blob and then as it
Maneuvers up onto the to the front of
the
tank it's clear that it's two
Limbs
and uh then then two other limbs show
and this blob climbs up onto the tank
and down into the Gunner's patch into
the C and she plays it like three times
slow motion seop pod
invisibility I I I I'm like holy
crap it's like that's why my program was
canceled somebody was already doing this
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that's what I
thought well sometimes I think DARPA
like rfps are like we would love this to
theoretically happen but it's like we're
already work we already know a lot about
this and we're just going to give you a
little limited information set and you
can you know we'll see what you can do
with it or whatever so there's some sort
of and then I think it's original maybe
adding to the point that it does have to
do with the UFO stuff uh one of the
original projects was the defender
project which was uh you know I'm not
familiar with that I believe it was like
the beginning of drones back in the day
and you even have this story uh this guy
uh who was a lieutenant commander in the
Navy we spoke about him last night
Robert luer and towns and brown finding
this green Fireball material in
Connecticut and it seems to be decaying
rapidly and it um he thinks that maybe
it's barium titanate and uh project
moonwatch and uh Blue Book both want
custody of it but Brown just flashes his
credentials says no it's mine and then
he seems to coordinate with Robert lucer
on this and this is again 58 so it was
right when DARPA had gotten started and
I think lucer was a part of DARPA back
in the day and it was maybe even called
arpa then or yeah for for a Time DARPA
was called arpa the idea was let's get
the D out of it and let's you know um
pieces broken out all over let's you
know um swords into plow shares this for
a little bit and then somebody decided
oh we better put that Genie back in the
bottle and make it defense again so you
know that's that's the yin-yang you know
the the sine wave of of politics and so
forth but you know I don't the reason
I'm bringing this up is I certainly
don't want to divulge anything that is
going to put us at risk of course but um
what what's interesting about that is is
that the claim was that it was Al
jazer that that had sent this in right
oh so they were trying to out it makes
me wonder right it just you just don't
know I mean is this part but here's the
thing you know
science says we know it yeah uh saying
we have the capability is not you know
that's not well I mean here's the thing
is if you if you can bend
SpaceTime you can bend photons to to
come around the object and exit the same
exact way and that's your invisibility
clip so if you can bend space time to
the point that you can develop a warp
drive you can make yourself in it's in
curent in that capacity that technology
and all you need is enough power to do
it so so what takes it off of
everybody's you know books off of
everybody's Blackboard ENT power
limitation is the limitation of the
power but if you have enough power and
in L's book y he shows the warp bubble
that he and how pudol discussed Y and so
and even talk about and so it's a little
bit of a it's a little bit of conflict
within the same pages right because at
the one one point he's saying look this
is a threat because these things are
splitting two f18s yeah and you know
that is a threat to National airspace we
can't have these things moving around
blah blah blah and colliding with our
our vehicles and I'm like wait a minute
wait a minute wait a minute let's let's
back up or or move forward depending on
where you are in the book and let's look
at this warp bubble yeah you
specifically make a case uhuh that who's
ever in this vehicle can slow time down
MH right it's just like it's it's
relativity Edgar Mitchell measured it on
his watch right and so for them it's
Child's Play right it's like everybody
else is is covered in
molasses and we walk right around them
so there is no
possibility of a
collision do you think that Edgar
Mitchell had anything to do with Legacy
UFO efforts you know he's poo 14
astronaut who came back from the on his
way back from the Moon had almost like a
conversion experience and then delve
deep into Consciousness and it was very
high conviction in Aliens and
yeah well I've anecdotal smoke here
what's that I have anecdotal smoke I was
diving on the Aquarius wath base with a
NASA flight surgeon Who Remain unnamed
and somebody while we were riding it
takes like three hours to get out there
from
kilargo and I don't know if it was right
then or when when we were down inside
the base but somebody asked him about
this
upcoming
um reunion of Apollo
Astronauts
and some I think he
suggested that nobody wanted to have
anything to do with Edgar
Mitchell and it was like he was
ostracized and he but the flight surgeon
was was all about it he was he was
taking their side against Edgar
Mitchell and I'm like what the what what
is all
this from Kelly's Heroes Mor arti what's
with all the negative waves right I
don't understand why why that but I got
the impression
that inside the astronaut Corp there was
this agreement that you don't talk about
Fight Club right you don't talk about
the ETS that we have all seen right
again speculation but that's what I took
away from that story that he told it was
either in the base or while we were
riding back to kargo on the way back
that he told that story and that is
always stuck in my head yeah that was
cir uh 200000 I think it was the summer
of 2008 well yeah James Fox great you
know UFO documentarian almost had well
his buzz aldrin's sister Buzz Aldren
obviously second person to walk on the
moon along with Neil Armstrong and he
apparently would tell his sister that
not only did he see a foo fighter in
Japan as a fighter pilot but that he saw
UFOs you know on the way to the moon and
uh James Fox followed the guy guy all
around the world eventually like you
know they were in Monaco together and he
was about to interview him and Buzz
Aldren said you know what would my
testimony ever do not denying that he
had seen UFOs but like backing out last
second you know and he's also I don't
know there's some interesting stuff
there so I that's fascinating um final
thing I want to get into with you is you
have this fascinating
Theory what's fascinating in that you've
sort of you know made very clear to me
is that there are all these UFO crashes
pre Roswell that are pretty well
documented not not only you know in uh
Lombardy in Italy the one that Dave
grush talks about the magenta crash but
ones in the US and Cape Gerardo being
kind of a famous uh uh case of that and
you track those UFO crashes to some of
the high- powerered radar capabilities
that maybe were developing at the time
well so
um the between February of
2014 and SE September of
2014 I was without a job waiting for the
Air Force Human Resources world to bring
me on board and I was enormously
frustrated because I had already
extended by six months I had to take a
leave of absence from graduate school to
take care of my mom and so they knew
that I was GNA graduate and I'm
wondering so in this six months while
you're waiting for me to defend this
dissertation why aren't you getting
whatever you need to do so that as soon
as I graduate I want to get I want to
get to work so I had seven months six
months to just so I ended up diving deep
into this literature over here so I come
across the Cape Gerardo case um which
essentially is a uh scenario where
something crashes in a farmer's field in
Miss
um Gabe Gerardo and uh the the weirdness
about it was that there
was bodies small diminutive bodies that
a reverend or a priest was asked to come
deliver last rights to because
apparently one of them was still alive
and so the account of this is primarily
from the priest's story of this and uh
initially there were firefighters and
then military folks showed up so on my
drive across country to report
into uh Air Force research lab in Dayton
Ohio I stopped in Cape Jadoo had some
time to kill didn't need to be there for
for a couple of days I was ahead of
schedule and uh so I stopped in and
became familiar and look walked the
ground and so forth
and then uh it occurred to me that I was
I was only about a 5H hour drive
depending on how much lead is in your
foot from there to rright
Patterson and then it dawned on me that
well if if something
was
interdicted in the vicinity of R
Patterson and if it was traveling fast
enough it it could have crashed right
there and so I had read uh Corso's
account and a lot of other accounts
Beyond Phil
Corso uh Stanton Freeman wrote uh a book
he investigated a lot of rosw earlier a
lot of folks um Don um oh drawn a blank
Don Schmidt uh and a lot of folks that
that really and so there was there was
quite a bit of evidence that maybe radar
played a role in it so I could easily
imagine
a few years earlier
right at before World War II is spinning
up I know what R&D is like pre- Warfare
right because that's what DARPA does and
I'm
imagining uh folks trying to improve the
latest breakthrough in technology but it
was a
sensor radar was a sensor it was not an
anti-aircraft
anything and so I could easily imagine
folks just cranking up the power as as
high as they could not to shoot anything
down but to extend range and in the
process of extending range unbeknownst
to me unbeknownst to them this invisible
thing this guy you can't even see next
thing you know that thing's wobbling and
it
crashes four or five hour drive away and
so uh I have no trouble
believing that that is what occurred not
just in Cape
Gerardo but maybe in Italy as well
because Marone was involved in you know
when you look at the where where was
Marone was it north northern Italy uh no
well Mar Marone
was a um I think he was an uh an
electrophysicist early on right I know
but I'm wondering because the crash was
in Lombardy in Northwest in Northern it
I don't know I'd be curious where he was
working that would be that would be a
wonderful research research project to
see if there were any Radars within a 5H
hour drive of there that's fascinating
oh wow so that would make sense right
because this was the Advent of radar
technology early on and so it it what
makes sense to me is that
someone within the uh Army Air core
right because there's still Army at that
point uh realizes holy crap if we're
going to start cranking up the power we
got to make sure that that if we shoot
anything down it doesn't land in an
urban area so let's move this whole
freaking Arrangement out to the middle
of the desert
somewhere White Sands would be a natural
place to do that right and then we're
cranking up the power again and the next
thing you know we shoot on a flying
saucer happens to be during a storm
right so maybe it was lightning maybe it
was the r radar and the lightning at the
who knows um but that's that's the smoke
of speculation around that that makes
sense to me it connects the
dots John what do you want the world to
know and where do you hope things go
from here on the UFO disclosure front uh
I just launched a a website to host uh a
couple a few books what's and by the way
every 55% of the proceeds of those books
goes to uh PTSD treatment for either
veterans law enforcement firefighters
whether or not it's a direct result of
the 20 years of warfare after 9911
that's the robotics book that's what
that is dedicated to and the abduction
book that that I'm going to uh present
the thesis to you for uh goes to
experiencers uh especially military
experiencers I want to get them uh
treatment with either hypnotherapy or
whatever uh to help them deal with that
trauma so um it's more than the tithing
that that folks typically do at church
oh it's I feel like it's got to be a
bigger chunk right more than half so
anyway
um the the underlying thesis of that
book is just to fight fear so the the
the website of fear fighter uh Donnet I
think is what we have um and it's just
starting up so cool uh we should be able
to accept pre-orders for the book on
that but the basic thesis of the book
is abductions are the elephant in the
UAP room it is the reason for all the
secrecy because lights in the sky isn't
scary enough sure that's not going to
result in in the the destruction the
lapse of society MH
even divulging that there are some
beings on
these vessels these vehicles that are
living beings or maybe they're
biological robots but we have their
Footprints
M on the ground sakuro New Mexico
1964 J Allen heinik saw them and that's
what flipped him uh into into believing
that these at least that there are
beings to where they're from who
knows um
so none of that's scary enough to
justify harming fellow military folks to
keep it a secret yeah it's ridiculous it
has to be too scary and what is scary
enough for me to forgive everybody in
the Legacy cabal that's that's that been
harming our
folks um and and mistreating our own
service members this is what I'm blowing
the whistle on like I said I've never
been read into anything yeah but I know
that they have been tortured and
mistreated and separated the corrosive
nature of this
compartmentation is denying our military
personnel the resilience that they
deserve because the best way to deal
with PTSD is to talk talk about it with
each other and yep what did they do with
Terry and Toby split them reassign them
you can't talk to each other what what
do they do with with Mario woods and
Michael Johnson same thing yeah we don't
even know where Michael Johnson is yeah
you see it's replete throughout and so
afosi yeah for me to forgive Richard
Dodie and all those folks yeah that this
is Air Force office of special
investigation Air Force office of
special investigation run rampant
throughout all the stories where it's
they're clearly part of kind of
suppressing these these stories right
and
arguably were instrumental in Paul
benowitz of suicide yes if if you dive
into that uh whole case so that's
horrific behavior and so it has to be
something enormously compelling for me
to forgive them so in a manner that I am
willing to forgive my parents for
demanding that I take in the Santa Claus
conspiracy mhm I want the government to
admit that they could not protect us
from the abductors Y and that's hard to
do and I recognize that but suck it up
world leaders yeah this is why you get
paid the big bucks yeah this what guys
used to tell me yeah hey boss that's why
you get paid the big bucks sucks for you
but you got to admit when you've screwed
up yeah and then
I'll be willing to entertain amnesty for
you rather than stringing you up for the
murders that you
either either inspired or at the bare
minimum
condoned in trying to keep this a secret
so that's the underlying aspect and the
and the key is the notion behind fear
fighter is look the best way to deal
with fear is not to say stay all warm
and Co
in your cocoon of false
belief you got to get out of that
cocoon educate
yourself and choke out that fear like a
freaking MMA fighter you got to wrestle
it to the ground and choke it out and
the best way to do that is to educate
yourself so you don't have to be Lou
alzando or Dave grush or Carl Nell you
don't or Jay Strat or any folks you
don't have to get readed in there is an
abundance of literature that I am
claiming
overlaps huge so I I know these guys get
frustrated with me because they're like
how come your jaw isn't dropping dude
there is nothing that you have told me
even post
2017 yeah that I haven't already read
before in fact I could probably make
your jaw drop yeah with some of the
stories I've heard yeah yeah yeah right
yeah and so that's my message is fight
the fear through education and awareness
and what trumps all of this is what the
bug Dr bug told me which
is we can't take your soul and
so life after death is a pro
scientifically proven fact and so even
if you get you get grabbed by these guys
and they rip you to shreds there's going
to be some pain but they ain't going to
get your soul and you might come back
around and
be empowered to do the same to them but
you shouldn't because you'll learn from
that mistake that love is the answer
it's just like Jake Barber said that's
the answer and so I'm calling for
ontological relief but you got to come
clean first and admit that they that
that you can't defend us or or admit
that well this reverse engineering stuff
yeah we've been doing it but it was for
the right reasons because we wanted to
defend you and now we can and I think
that's why this trickle has really
opened the faucet and it's a turn at a
time now it took 80 years you know and
now it's it's really open in the poset
and I think it's because the reverse
engineering has been success special
enough you do yeah you think we can fly
these things uh I don't know about that
I don't have any you think it's but
modern Aerospace is benefited greatly
like you know a lot of
our top-of-the-line Aerospace you know
or stealth Fighters or whatever from
from the the Brilliant Minds that I was
blessed to interact with at
DARPA I I I have no reason to call Ben
Rich a liar wow
well what a beautiful note to end on I I
I really appreciate you John this was
awesome a lot of fun thank you and thank
you for the risk that you have accepted
on behalf of your fellow humans oh yeah
because what you're doing is really
really important well I appreciate that
that's part of that education yeah
you're stretching those Minds it's just
like it's just like any athletic
Endeavor you got to stretch you are too
a team team stretching effort well thank
you man